https://entrepreneur.nyu.edu/resource/bootcamps/

Middlemen is an authentication and handling service for safely swapping sneakers online.

Theatre Advocacy Project solves the problem of unsafe, inequitable, and costly working conditions for theatre artists and administrators by providing external HR services and offering personal consultants for accountability to regional theatre managers.

Fardah Roshan Academy is a 501(c)3 educational nonprofit dedicated to increasing the literacy rate in Afghanistan by recruiting women in the community to invite neighborhood children to their homes and teach them how to read and write. 
The Startup Bootcamp at the NYU Entrepreneurial Institute is the first stepping stone in the award-winning NYU Startup Accelerator Program.
Bootcamps are two half-day workshops and a week of customer discovery interviews in between. Selected teams will learn how to test the value of their ideas and validate (or invalidate) the problem they are solving for their target customer. As teams work to transform their assumptions into insights, they will refine their businesses and may even pivot on the road to building a more successful startup.
Bootcamps are designed for teams who have shown commitment to moving their ideas forward and have been working on their idea-stage venture for ~2–6 months before applying. Completing a Bootcamp is a prerequisite for the Startup Sprint and Female Founders Fellowship (>90% of teams accepted into these programs completed the Bootcamp).
Bootcamps are offered twice each Fall/Spring semester, and once during the summer. NYU students are welcome to apply. You can find all application questions here, if you would like to draft your answers before applying.
The deadlines for the Fall 2023 Bootcamps are:
The deadline to apply to the Fall Bootcamp 1 is Sept. 27 at 6pm ET. The dates for the Fall Bootcamp 1 are Oct. 13 [Day 1] & Oct. 26 [Day 2] or Oct. 27 (1pm-6pm)

The deadline to apply to the Fall Bootcamp 2 is Nov. 1 at 6pm ET. The dates for the Fall Bootcamp 2 are Nov. 17 [Day 1] & Nov. 30 or Dec. 1 [Day 2].

*All Bootcamp sessions are held virtually over Zoom.
The NYU Entrepreneurial Institute offers Customer Discovery Bootcamps for startups to learn the fundamentals of the Lean Startup approach and test the value of their solutions with future customers and partners by Getting Out of the Building.
Each Bootcamp is a two half-day commitment and is held on select Fridays during the semester virtually over Zoom. Here's what accepted teams can expect:
Bootcamps are open to all NYU student, faculty, or researcher-led teams who:
NYU faculty, PhD students, clinicians, and researchers who are working on innovative scientific research, technologies, and ventures in fields such as biotech/life sciences, artificial intelligence, AR/VR, robotics, cleantech, blockchain, advanced material science, photonics and electronics, and quantum computing should consider applying instead to the Tech Venture Workshop. The Tech Venture Workshop is similar to the Startup Bootcamp, but it is sponsored by the National Science Foundation and purpose built for deep tech/biotech ventures. Learn more about the Tech Venture Workshop here.
The deadline to apply to the Fall Bootcamp 1 is Sept. 27 at 6pm ET. The dates for the Fall Bootcamp 1 are Oct. 13 [Day 1] & Oct. 26 [Day 2] or Oct. 27 (1pm-6pm)

The deadline to apply to the Fall Bootcamp 2 is Nov. 1 at 6pm ET. The dates for the Fall Bootcamp 2 are Nov. 17 [Day 1] & Nov. 30 or Dec. 1 [Day 2].
Want a participant's perspective on the program? Check out this blog post!
If you would like to draft your answers before applying, you can find all of the application questions here.



                    Twitter is a real-time information network that connects you to the latest stories, ideas, opinions and news about what you find interesting.
                

                            Tracing its roots to the launch of the NYU Innovation Venture Fund in 2010, the NYU Entrepreneurial Institute creates a diverse, inclusive culture that facilitates & celebrates entrepreneurship campus-wide, supporting students, faculty & researchers creating scalable solutions to meaningful problems.                        

16 Washington Place  (at Greene St.)
New York City 10003 |
                            map

Monday – Thursday: 10AM – 8PM Friday: 10AM – 6PM 

                                Learn more about the Leslie eLab
                            


