https://entrepreneur.nyu.edu/resource/nyu-entrepreneurial-institute/
We help NYU founders start and scale their startups.
Our mission is to create a diverse, inclusive culture that facilitates & celebrates entrepreneurship campus-wide, supporting students, faculty & researchers creating scalable solutions to meaningful problems.
By guiding entrepreneurs, inspiring would-be entrepreneurs, and cross-pollinating students and faculty from different disciplines, we are at the center of a startup ecosystem designed to transform brilliant ideas into successful commercial solutions. Since the founding of the NYU Innovation Venture Fund in 2010, we have accelerated the pace of technology commercialization and helped launch successful startups founded by our talented community of students, faculty, and researchers through our award-winning programming and support.

Heads the Entrepreneurial Institute and is the Managing Director of the NYU Innovation Venture Fund which invests in early stage NYU startups. Frank also provides coaching to NYU startups. He is a member of the national teaching team for the National Science Foundation’s I-Corps program and an Adjunct Faculty at the NYU School of Engineering. He has been a venture capitalist for over 23 years.

Serves as the Director of the NYU Entrepreneurial Institute, where she leads operations and major programs, and supports entrepreneurs focused on socio-environmental challenges. Rebecca is also adjunct faculty at both the School of Visual Arts and Parsons School for Design, teaching entrepreneurship, design and sustainability.

Leads investments on behalf of the NYU Innovation Venture Fund in life science and healthcare and provides coaching. Prior to joining the Fund, Dee did product development and intellectual property strategy in therapeutics and diagnostics for Ludwig Cancer Research. Dee holds a Ph.D. in Molecular Genetics /Developmental Biology from Columbia University.

Leads investments on behalf of the NYU Innovation Venture Fund in Information Technology and Consumer Products and provides coaching. Prior to joining the Fund, Darren co-founded a startup in construction tech (Summer Launchpad 2016). Darren later went on to participate in the Techstars NYC accelerator and moved on to operations in startups in real estate tech, mental health, and online education.

Manages the Leslie eLab, the Institute's finances, and leads events & operations, including the Entrepreneurs Festival, as the Institute's Assistant Director. She is a returned Peace Corps Volunteer and previously worked at the UN World Food Programme. Jen holds an MA in International Relations from St. John’s University and is pursuing her MPA at NYU Wagner.

 

Supports programs and operations at the NYU Entrepreneurial Institute. Previously, Zainab worked as a fashion stylist across commercial, editorial, and e-commerce. She has contributed works to Vogue Korea, Nike, Vice, and other publications. Zainab graduated from NYU Tandon with a bachelor’s in Science, Technology, and Society. She is a former Leslie eLab intern and participant in the NYU InnoVention Prototyping Competition.

Leads Institute programs and provides coaching. Keith has over 12 years of experience covering Management Consulting, Asset Management, Private Equity and Venture Capital. Most recently, Keith was COO of Flat World Partners an impact-focused investment & advisory firm. Keith has led the execution of over 9 dozen private market transactions on 4 continents. He has a double major in Economics & Politics from the University of Cape Town (South Africa), and received his MBA on scholarship at Hult Business School (San Francisco) in 2014.


Leads the Institute's Female Founders events, sponsorships, and Startup Bootcamps. Previously, De-Ann was a management and corporate innovation strategy consultant in the public, private, and social innovation sectors working with clients such as the Sumitomo Corporation, GAF, World Bank, Omidyar Network, and Lab@OPM. De-Ann is also the Chief Strategy Officer at I Have A Right Foundation, a girls' leadership nonprofit. She is a returned Peace Corps Volunteer. She holds a M.S. in Nonprofit Management with a concentration in Social Innovation from The New School.
The NYU Entrepreneurial Institute welcomes several startup founders who are alumni of NYU Summer Launchpad, to serve as mentors and advisors to up and coming NYU startups. Meet the Founders In Residence:
(CAS '19)
GigFinesse
(Tandon '18)
We Are The New Farmers
Jones
(Tisch '20)
Resist Nutrition
(Tisch ITP '23)
Baton
(Stern '23)
Trousso
(GSAS '21)
Visura
(Courant '15)
Geopipe
(Wagner '20)
Govern for America
(GSAS '17)
Phases
(Shanghai '23)
Kaizntree

Is a senior majoring in Songwriting and Contemporary Production. She was born in North Carolina and transferred to NYU in fall 2021. Savannah is passionate about music-related entrepreneurship. She is driven in her creative works and has recently released an EP. She is currently writing an album, but in her free time, you can find her reading or exploring NYC parks.

Is studying Business and Technology Management at the NYU Tandon School of Engineering. With a passion for leveraging technology to drive business growth and innovation, Chelsea enjoys merging her analytical mindset with strategic thinking. Actively involved in the National Society of Black Engineers and the Society of Women Engineers, she is dedicated to fostering diversity and inclusion within the STEM community. Outside of her academic pursuits, Chelsea is an avid water enthusiast and former coxswain, having honed her leadership and teamwork skills through her involvement in rowing. 	    
New York University’s mission is to be a top quality international center of scholarship, teaching and research. NYU seeks to take academic and cultural advantage of its location and to embrace diversity among faculty, staff and students to ensure a wide range of perspectives, including international perspectives, in the educational experience.
NYU students come from nearly every state and 133 countries, and the university draws upon the diverse backgrounds of our faculty, staff, and students, ensuring its scholarship and teaching benefit from a wide range of perspectives. NYU takes seriously its role as an engine of social mobility, and stands out among the top US universities in its representation of low-income and first-generation students within its community.
Our Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Mission:
The NYU Entrepreneurial Institute is committed to creating a robust culture of diversity, equity and inclusion for the entire entrepreneurship community at NYU. This commitment led to the creation of Female Founders programming in 2017 and the launch of numerous Inclusive Entrepreneurship programs since. These initiatives provide extensive programming, expert coaching, and dedicated resources to help guide our uniquely global and diverse community toward startup success and a more inclusive future.
Learn more about NYU’s University-Wide Diversity Statement and Policies Here.
Our Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Policy:
The NYU Entrepreneurial Institute sees diversity, equity and inclusion as crucial to our mission and critical to ensuring the well-being of our community. To that end, we commit to:
Learn more about the Leslie eLab.




See our impact through the years!






Our Faculty Advisory Board helps us address the needs of NYU faculty and researcher entrepreneurs. We thank them for their continued support of entrepreneurship at NYU!
Arts & Science Faculty
Tandon Faculty
Stern Faculty
Stern Faculty
Public Health Faculty
Tisch Faculty
School of Professional Studies Faculty
Arts & Science Faculty
Tandon Faculty
Courant Faculty
Courant Faculty
Arts & Science Faculty
Tandon Faculty
Steinhardt Faculty
Gallatin Faculty
Tandon Faculty
Rory Meyers Faculty
Law Faculty
School of Dentistry Faculty
School of Professional Studies Faculty
Wagner Faculty
We thank the fantastic group of experts in our Executive Advisory Board for their continued guidance and support of NYU entrepreneurship.








Is an entrepreneur, CEO, and currently a board member & investor in several technology companies. He has an accomplished record over 25+ years, building multiple $Billion+ businesses in the technology infrastructure area as co-founder/CEO Innovium (acquired for $1.3B), COO Cavium (IPO, followed by acquisition for $6B) & GM Intel (INTC). His focus areas include Cloud, Data infrastructure, Web3, SaaS and AI. Rajiv has served on the Management Board of the Stanford Business School. He holds an MBA from Stanford, an MS CS from NYU and a BS in CS & Engineering from IIT Delhi.	    










 
Thank you to our sponsors and partners who make our work possible! Interested in becoming a partner and supporting our founders? Reach out to Frank Rimalovski at frank.rimalovski@nyu.edu.
Get in touch with us!
Interested in meeting with one of our coaches? Schedule a startup coaching appointment.
Interested in supporting our work? Make a charitable gift or reach out to Frank Rimalovski at frank.rimalovski@nyu.edu for partnership opportunities.
Want to spread the word about an opportunity or event to our audiences? Requests for content inclusion in our newsletters can be sent to entrepreneur@nyu.edu. You can review our newsletter inclusion policy here.
For all other inquiries, email entrepreneur@nyu.edu.


                    Twitter is a real-time information network that connects you to the latest stories, ideas, opinions and news about what you find interesting.
                

                            Tracing its roots to the launch of the NYU Innovation Venture Fund in 2010, the NYU Entrepreneurial Institute creates a diverse, inclusive culture that facilitates & celebrates entrepreneurship campus-wide, supporting students, faculty & researchers creating scalable solutions to meaningful problems.                        

16 Washington Place  (at Greene St.)
New York City 10003 |
                            map

Monday – Thursday: 10AM – 8PM Friday: 10AM – 6PM 

                                Learn more about the Leslie eLab
                            


