https://entrepreneur.nyu.edu/nyu-startup-catalogue/

Vital Audio makes quality healthcare more efficient, affordable, and universally accessible through voice-based cardiac monitoring.

Developer of a neurotech device designed to digitize the sense of scent. The company’s device identifies hazardous compounds at canary ports and inspection points, enabling clients to identify the underlying object or even the state of that object.

Perioperative team collaboration platform to intended to prove patient care that captures lessons, notes, and feedback after procedures and drives continuous improvement, helping surgeons, anesthesiologists, nurses, and other surgical stakeholders in fast and efficient coordination and collaboration from pre-op to post-op, while automating administrative tasks.

Developer of an artificial intelligence-based tool designed to find missed tax deductions and create a personalized tax plan to lower taxes. 

Developer of AI-driven information security tools designed to solve media provenance for social media platforms.

AI-enabled robotic systems designed to find building envelope issues by providing inspection reports to building scientists to lower inspection costs and increase safety.

Jones is a judgement-free journey to a vape-less life, through a personalized nicotine replacement subscription, behavioral support and digital community.

Trousso is a resale platform making upscale wedding wear financially accessible and environmentally sustainable for the next generation of brides. They’re building a circular economy for weddings, where brides can buy and sell nearly-new wedding fashion for the 8+ celebrations surrounding the ceremony/reception.

Jīvikā teaches mindfulness through micro-habits to reduce frontline caregiver burnout and attrition.

Tethys AI is a web-based AI educational program for radiologists, offering customized skill analysis and online training for diagnostic radiologists’ image interpretation.

MarsChargers are platforms that combines advanced electric vehicle charging technology with intelligent decentralized energy storage systems. Their first product is the MarsCharger Lite, the ‘Jerry Can’ for EVs, a mobile EV charger that can also provide power to homes, equipment, and electronic devices.

Kooick uses computer vision and AI to enable unattended self-service product purchasing and requisitioning. Their technology empowers sellers with new opportunities to increase sales, build customer intimacy and reduce costs, by offering consumers last-mile, last-minute, personalized convenience.

ViBILLER aims to develop technology to measure group engagement and emotional arousal in real time and in naturalistic settings like live concerts and performances.

Automanus simplifies note taking during meetings for students and professionals so they can generate key points by clicking. 

Zuvier is a lifestyle apparel brand that provides an outlet of self expression to a community of high adventure seeking Veterans.

UBet is a decentralized exchange for sports trading.

Tutoruu is a tutoring network that connects high-achieving undergraduate students with struggling peers who are in need of class-specific help.

HolistiCann is a telehealth service that pairs patients with psychologists to integrate clinical cannabis into mental health and physical therapy treatments.

Baton is a blockchain-enabled collaboration protocol designed to facilitate the future of creative digital exchange to help artists maintain control over their material and get the credit they deserve.

Alluder is a database and Google Chrome extension that allows users to create and discover annotations on Netflix and Hulu shows.

BlushRush is a beauty and skincare platform that directly matches users to influencers and creators to provide direct exposure and access to skincare and beauty products. The app fills a much-needed niche gap in the beauty industry for consumers coming from diverse backgrounds.

Kaila Katherine is a luxury vegan brand that works exclusively with the latest innovations in sustainable textiles. Each Kaila Katherine bag is handmade in New York City by experts who are paid a living wage. While other vegan leather products on the market are PVC and PU based, our pieces are made with toxic chemical free plant-based leather alternatives. Our first collection of bags utilizes one of the most recent breakthroughs in textile technology: cactus fiber. This cactus-based material is sourced from a Mexico based, farmer-owner startup whose team has developed a sustainable process using a cactus native to the area, the Nopal cactus, with zero herbicides or pesticides.

Shop Rodeo is a mobile application that leverages short-form video content to streamline the discovery-to-checkout process for the young, socially-driven shopper and effectively compensates content creators for their direct impact on brand sales.

Resist Nutrition makes plant-based, keto protein bars filled with science-backed ingredients with functional benefits for hormone health and blood sugar support.

Cozier is a direct to consumer sleepwear brand for every/body. Their garments are versatile enough to go from the bedroom to a zoom call, and you’ll feel confident leaving the house in them, too. 

GOALS is the first-ever sponsorship consultancy that is solely focused on bringing more investment into women’s sports.

Tezcat is developing a new class of therapeutic biologics to treat patients burdened by the most aggressive and recalcitrant cancers.

Bristle analyzes your oral microbiome to measure your oral health status – including your risk factors for cavities, gum disease, and bad breath – then provides personalized insights to optimize and maintain your oral health.

Where students go to learn about the issues that matter most to our future through open and informed dialogue.

Shiru is creating the next generation of sustainable ingredients.

DevNation is on the mission to empower 50M Pakistani youth with in-demand digital tech skills.

Portable Diagnostic Systems’s Integrity-1 Analysis System was designed to detect over 100 different substances simultaneously, allowing practitioners to build comprehensive test menus.

Fardah Roshan Academy is a 501(c)3 educational nonprofit dedicated to increasing the literacy rate in Afghanistan by recruiting women in the community to invite neighborhood children to their homes and teach them how to read and write. 

Theatre Advocacy Project solves the problem of unsafe, inequitable, and costly working conditions for theatre artists and administrators by providing external HR services and offering personal consultants for accountability to regional theatre managers.

Middlemen is an authentication and handling service for safely swapping sneakers online.

Frich is the first social finance app that enables Gen Z to develop mindful spending habits by setting goals together with friends and keeping each other accountable. Imagine a fitness app but for your finances.

Wasaba allows clinicians the ability to provide prognostic information about distant melanoma recurrence within days from digital pathology scans.

Maxwell’s CLAROMER™ brand anti-infectives destroy a broad spectrum of viruses, as shown in preclinical studies and imaging of viral structures.

Regenosine is developing a first-in-class disease-modifying regenerative therapy for osteoarthritis.

Otis helps you launch data-driven digital ad campaigns on Facebook, Instagram and Google in minutes. Their AI-powered mobile and web app are the perfect solution for businesses who strive to connect with customers and generate results.

Prescient Design is building AI-based deep learning for macromolecular protein design.

Circle is an online networking platform with fluid interactions and rich networking features. Schools and students use Circle for alumni mixers, recruiting, and admissions events since it helps attendees make better connections more effectively.

Whop Rentals is a marketplace for digital goods. Users can buy, sell, trade and rent digital software starting with software helping resellers in the sneaker space.

Letryx is creating a contracts analytics platform for corporate attorneys, starting with the energy law sector. They will replace manual research during contract negotiations with cheaper, faster, and more accurate AI-based analysis and drafting tool.

Arium is a browser-based platform for building, sharing and attending 3D exhibition spaces with spatial video chat.

Visura is a curated market-network for publishers to discover and hire the world’s top freelance visual journalists.

Melacast Network is a casting platform for BIPOC Directors and Actors in film and television.

Fishel Aquaponics is developing easy-to-assemble, humane, and beautiful indoor aquaponics kits for people who want to grow organic produce in the company of fishy friends.

Epistemic AI provides a knowledge discovery platform that maps biomedical knowledge and guides users through the discovery process, revealing hidden connections, informing critical decisions, and saving time and cost.

Upfront makes prices public and searchable so parents can make the best financial decisions for their families quickly and seamlessly. 

Nirova BioSense provides optical sensors to revolutionize early detection of ovarian cancer.

Companies and their health insurance providers use HealthBoxed to drive meaningful engagement in their employee wellness initiatives. HealthBoxes include wellness products, memberships, and informational material, and can be customized to complement each client’s wellness initiative and to fit their wellness budget. 

Nourish and Refine empowers you to practice self-care through all-natural and conscious wellness products. 

Coffee Card is a mobile application service that allows users to pre-pay a monthly subscription fee to a number of local coffee shops in NYC. 

Raditube is a search engine that makes ‘hidden’ radical content on YouTube searchable for fact-checkers and disinformation researchers.

Rooted Fare aims to financially empower immigrant chefs by providing them with resources to successfully turn recipes into commercial products. 

Vision Voice helps companies & startups, who are seeking to diversify their engineering teams, hire and retain female Black, Indigenous People of Color (BIPOC) software engineers, who are seeking access to sustainable careers in tech. 

Math & Coding tutoring for children in the US by women student tutors in India – makes tutoring accessible and affordable to every child in the US, normalizing STEM among girls, empowering students to work in India, helping young women tutors do fulfilling work from the safety of their homes. 

Tulii Skincare is an ethical, fair trade, all natural skincare line made from leaves and seeds of the Tanzanian Moringa tree.

CoStudy automates the administration of team projects/activities in the classroom, giving professors more time, knowledge, and resources to empower their learners with the skills needed to succeed post-graduation.

Optemization is a digital operations agency with an expertise in the implementation of efficient and smooth organization systems, processes, and habits.

Cartographr is a social media augmented reality (AR) platform that reinvent the way tabletop roleplayers build visualizations for their players. 

Pi-Radio’s vision is to democratize wireless research by providing advanced mmWave SDRs to the community at plainly affordable price points.

Maxwell is building an automated transcranial ultrasound device with novel hardware design created for first responders and neurocritical care medical specialists.

Aeragen is a startup dedicated to delivering engineered solutions that fight hospital-acquired infections.

UltraSight’s AI based solution allows anyone, at any location, to perform a high-quality ultrasound scan to obtain a 4D expert interpretation.

Dathic creates an AI-based platform for CPG that understands the US Hispanic consumers, recommends the best locations to grow and connect communities with the products they love.

Voltela offers ubiquitous, ultra-reliable, and low-latency connectivity, allowing drone service providers to reliably control their long-range delivery drones and benefit from fewer mission abortions and reduced costs compared to satellite links.

She Matters trains healthcare workers in culturally competent care for Black women and offers an online platform to support Black women who experience postpartum comorbidities (e.g., anxiety and/or depression) through community and culturally relevant resources

Decreases adverse mental health effects by focusing on healing unresolved historical and intergenerational trauma through increasing access to culturally appropriate services, resources and content.

Resprana designs air filters that fits into your style and daily habits. Duo, their main product, leverages its innovative form and disruptive fashion approach to bolster adoption and support setting social standards for air protection. Their patented design and filtration enable a new dynamic form of self-care that fits in with modern life and social trends.

JRNLclub is helping scientists increase the reach of their findings while making scientific research and discussion more accessible and engaging through video summaries of scientific journals.

Fighting expanding landfills with plastic-eating microbes.

Increases the awareness of, support for, and advancing the technology of Direct Air Capture.

A virtual space where thousands of GenZ teens around the world can meet, reach their dreams, build meaningful friendships and find support in every area of their lives.

Enabling code response teams to respond competently to cardiac arrests.

Accern is committed to advance the state-of-the-art in the areas of natural language processing, artificial predictive modeling, big data architecture, streaming analytics, data visualization, and investment research.

An early stage biotechnology venture founded on the potent novel biotherapeutic, calreticulin, that heals wounds by tissue regeneration.

Provides the sweet, delicious date-based spreads are all natural, low-calorie, vegan, and allergen free yet packed with potassium, fiber, and vitamins.

MyArthritisRx was created to establish an innovative, evidence-based arthritis self-management program with the goal of empowering you to take control of your arthritis and achieve lasting results. 


Cloud Based Workflow Solutions for Cataract  Surgeons from your clinic to the OR.

Redesign Science is a computational chemistry company setting a new standard for early-stage, small molecule drug discovery.

The Great Fantastic created Swoveralls: sweatpants + overalls that are cool, functional, and extremely comfortable.

Parallux delivers world class immersive experiences to mass audiences.

State-of-the-art technology platform integrates automation, machine learning, and advances in computational biology to accelerate microbiome discoveries.

Created by filmmakers and technologists, Wrapbook is a powerful suite of software for modern entertainment payroll, insurance, and production management.

Curtn is creating a mobile dating application with the mission of bringing face-to-face human interaction to dating in the digital age.

Sector is a job application tracker that walks you through 4 data-driven steps that will double your chance of getting hired and increase your chance of landing a job by 59%.

A toolkit that allows creators of all kinds to use artificial intelligence in an intuitive way.

A career exploration platform guiding professionals to confidently identify which career path they will love.

A platform that uses data from millions of resumes, job postings, and online profiles, and standardizes employee data automatically.

Drinking straws made of compostable paper as well as reusable stainless steel and silicone that aim to cut the amount of plastic entering our oceans.

A culinary competition that bridges food, beverage, and hip-hop.

A platform that connects artists and venues to create unforgettable shows.

Giving a second life to food waste materials by transforming them into new products and ingredients.

OraLiva is positioned to be the first company to provide a powerful yet portable and programmable cytology diagnostic platform for various oncological indications suitable for use at the point of care. OraLiva targets the development of the ‘smart phone of oncology cytology’.

A decentralized blockchain trading platform.

Get stock rewards in the brands you shop with. Like cashback, but better.

The Diversity Org (DO) hosts high school assemblies that educate low-income students on how to obtain corporate and high-income careers. 

Provides a cost effective chemical path to manufacture sustainable nylon.

Offering affordable, deconstructable, and stylish furniture for modern and transient living with a focus on financial flexibility. Through a buy-back program, Sabai Design solves the headache of disposal/reselling and offers an even cheaper line of refurbished furniture. 

A mixed media development environment for computer science education.

Computer science summer boot-camps tailored to high school and college students. 

An urban farm growing sustainable produce for specialty markets lacking year-round local supply.

Building a pipeline into key roles in states for young leaders to close the talent gap and create better government. 

Rilla provides conversation intelligence software for outside sales and service. Industries such as roofing, solar, interior design, banking, and telco send sales representatives to talk to potential customers face to face in their homes and businesses. Rilla uses AI to automatically transcribe, analyze and give feedback to sales managers on their representatives’ performance with customers, enabling them to remotely monitor their teams, saving two to three days a week from having to accompany field sales reps on training calls.

CytoDel, Inc., is a biopharmaceutical company developing a platform based on recombinant derivatives of botulinum neurotoxin (BoNT). This platform enables two pipeline programs. The first uses atoxic derivatives of BoNT to create antibody fusion proteins that deliver their antibody cargo to the INSIDE of neurons. These BoNT-based molecular delivery vehicles have been shown to safely inactivate intra-neuronal targets in three species. The second program is developing pharmaceutically active BoNT derivatives to address unmet needs in the current $4B market for BoNT pharmaceuticals.

Helping young people hold themselves and their peers accountable for voting using behavioral science.

All-natural food products packed with endocrine supportive nutrients that can naturally improve menstrual symptoms. 

Gravy sorts through thousands of products to find the best-tasting packaged foods, personalized for your palate and diet.

Provides users with technology and support to can collect powerful data.

An intelligent compliance system that helps users close compliance gaps they didn’t even know they had.

A high-performance hijab to re-define activewear. 

The first brand to design products specifically for women with small boobs, starting with bras.

Curated collections of websites, documents, videos, PDFs, and more. 

Matching individuals with quality therapists to ease access to a personalized healing relationship and enable therapists to help more people.

An app that enables the discovery of sample sales in fashion capitals of the world. 

Bringing medical imaging into the future, allowing for clearer, faster, and more intuitive understanding of the human body.

Immersive virtual copies of the world, built by algorithms, for architecture, real estate, and beyond.

Combining technology tools and human interventions to change the deeply ingrained behaviors and external factors affecting student attendance, including poverty, racism, and socio-economic exclusion.

Making the home smarter, more efficient, and comfortable. By adding intelligence, automation, and beauty to these core areas, you will finally have a home that takes care of you, instead of the other way around.

Brooklinen was built to deliver simple, beautiful home essentials at a fair
price. 

A neurocognitive analytics and training platform for competitive gamers. 

A company revolutionizing the global vision care industry by making care accessible to one billion people in need across the globe.

Provides an integrated suite of automation tools and protocols for life sciences scientist to conduct experiments to reduce the time to scientific insight.

KitSplit is making gear rentals more enjoyable and affordable for a huge community of artists and filmmakers. 

Fitness apparel company inventing sleek fitness apparel built with patented resistance panels and bands to burn calories faster and effectively activate key muscle groups in less time. Formerly known as RXActive.

The makers of Sensory Percussion, next-gen electronic drum technology for the modern musician.

Diagnostic/software company that has developed a next generation approach to objectively measure pain in humans.

A female-founded company with a mission to build a rigorous and creative online coding experience that appeals to all students. Vidcode is a 3rd-12th grade web-based JavaScript platform that teaches coding through media computation. Today, Vidcode is used by over a million students all over the world.

By creating the world’s first tattoo that fades in a year, Ephemeral gives everyone the opportunity to express their individuality without fear or regret.

Upward Farms grows leafy greens and fish with the highest ecological and quality standards so that everyone can nourish their body, family, and the planet. With 95% of leafy greens grown on the West Coast and 90% of seafood imported, our mission is to heal the broken food system and reconnect eaters with flavorful and nutritious local food.
Upward Farms designs and operates complete ecosystems of plants and fish in vertical farms, supplying these organic and local products to grocers.

All-in-One Desktop Circuit Printer, Paste Dispenser and Pick and Place. With Squink, print and assemble PCBs in minutes for less than a cup of coffee.

Clarifai’s powerful image and video recognition solutions are built on the most advanced machine learning platform, and made easily accessible via API, device SDK, and on-premise, empowering businesses all over the world to build a new generation of intelligent applications.

Violet Health’s aim is to break the destructive, global cycle of anemia among pregnant women and their children through culturally appropriate iron-fortified products.

Medical device start-up focused on producing new solutions to trauma care

Pressure-sensing multi-touch and pressure imaging sensors

Eye tracking technology that unveils how well the brain is functioning

Delivering meticulously handcrafted jeans at a bold price

Stamp out the global problem of counterfeits, fake goods and forgery

Share bite-sized restaurant reviews with friends. Fondu was acquired by Airbnb in October 2012.

Next Generation Sports + Analytics

Intelligent data platform for visual data

Redefining the concept of vending through its mini, interactive, and digital vending machines that serve not only consumer-packaged goods but also digital advertisements.

Oral drugs for the treatment of chronic inflammatory diseases.

BioDigital was founded on the premise that 3D technology will transform the way we understand the human body. Allowing people to see inside the body, using interactive 3D technology, promises to have a profound impact on the way we comprehend our health.

Affordable health insurance alternative

Predictive machine learning products to help companies understand their users

Throughout the years, NYU has housed thousands of founders. Scroll down to explore some of the many startups started by NYU students, faculty, researchers, and community members!

                            Tracing its roots to the launch of the NYU Innovation Venture Fund in 2010, the NYU Entrepreneurial Institute creates a diverse, inclusive culture that facilitates & celebrates entrepreneurship campus-wide, supporting students, faculty & researchers creating scalable solutions to meaningful problems.                        

16 Washington Place  (at Greene St.)
New York City 10003 |
                            map

Monday – Thursday: 10AM – 8PM Friday: 10AM – 6PM 

                                Learn more about the Leslie eLab
                            


