https://entrepreneur.nyu.edu/resource/innovation-venture-fund/
The Innovation Venture Fund provides seed capital to help especially promising NYU founders scale their startups. Together with co-investors, the philanthropic evergreen fund provides needed capital, contacts with the entrepreneurial and venture communities, and practical management and marketing coaching to help NYU students, faculty and researchers transform ideas and inventions into startups.
NYU's pre/seed-stage venture capital fund invests exclusively in startups founded by, and/or commercializing technologies, innovations and intellectual property developed by, current NYU students, faculty, and researchers.
Learn more about our investment criteria below.
To request a meeting with our team and be considered for funding, submit a venture profile.
.

 
The Fund seeks early-stage businesses with inventions, discoveries, products or services that were developed in whole or in part at NYU, that have achieved proof of concept (or a prototype) and are ready for scaling commercial product development and/or customer acquisition. The fund does not invest in projects requiring further basic research.

Don’t worry if you don’t know if you meet all the criteria laid out above. We will help you more fully assess the merits of your opportunity and connect you with the resources you need to progress your venture. Please reach out to us if you’re considering raising seed capital.
 

Redefining the concept of vending through its mini, interactive, and digital vending machines that serve not only consumer-packaged goods but also digital advertisements.

BioDigital was founded on the premise that 3D technology will transform the way we understand the human body. Allowing people to see inside the body, using interactive 3D technology, promises to have a profound impact on the way we comprehend our health.

Affordable health insurance alternative

Provides an integrated suite of automation tools and protocols for life sciences scientist to conduct experiments to reduce the time to scientific insight.

A female-founded company with a mission to build a rigorous and creative online coding experience that appeals to all students. Vidcode is a 3rd-12th grade web-based JavaScript platform that teaches coding through media computation. Today, Vidcode is used by over a million students all over the world.

Clarifai’s powerful image and video recognition solutions are built on the most advanced machine learning platform, and made easily accessible via API, device SDK, and on-premise, empowering businesses all over the world to build a new generation of intelligent applications.

CytoDel, Inc., is a biopharmaceutical company developing a platform based on recombinant derivatives of botulinum neurotoxin (BoNT). This platform enables two pipeline programs. The first uses atoxic derivatives of BoNT to create antibody fusion proteins that deliver their antibody cargo to the INSIDE of neurons. These BoNT-based molecular delivery vehicles have been shown to safely inactivate intra-neuronal targets in three species. The second program is developing pharmaceutically active BoNT derivatives to address unmet needs in the current $4B market for BoNT pharmaceuticals.

KitSplit is making gear rentals more enjoyable and affordable for a huge community of artists and filmmakers. 

Diagnostic/software company that has developed a next generation approach to objectively measure pain in humans.

State-of-the-art technology platform integrates automation, machine learning, and advances in computational biology to accelerate microbiome discoveries.

The first brand to design products specifically for women with small boobs, starting with bras.

Matching individuals with quality therapists to ease access to a personalized healing relationship and enable therapists to help more people.

Dathic creates an AI-based platform for CPG that understands the US Hispanic consumers, recommends the best locations to grow and connect communities with the products they love.

Created by filmmakers and technologists, Wrapbook is a powerful suite of software for modern entertainment payroll, insurance, and production management.

A platform that uses data from millions of resumes, job postings, and online profiles, and standardizes employee data automatically.

She Matters trains healthcare workers in culturally competent care for Black women and offers an online platform to support Black women who experience postpartum comorbidities (e.g., anxiety and/or depression) through community and culturally relevant resources

A platform that connects artists and venues to create unforgettable shows.

Offering affordable, deconstructable, and stylish furniture for modern and transient living with a focus on financial flexibility. Through a buy-back program, Sabai Design solves the headache of disposal/reselling and offers an even cheaper line of refurbished furniture. 

Jones is a judgement-free journey to a vape-less life, through a personalized nicotine replacement subscription, behavioral support and digital community.

Baton is a blockchain-enabled collaboration protocol designed to facilitate the future of creative digital exchange to help artists maintain control over their material and get the credit they deserve.

Rilla provides conversation intelligence software for outside sales and service. Industries such as roofing, solar, interior design, banking, and telco send sales representatives to talk to potential customers face to face in their homes and businesses. Rilla uses AI to automatically transcribe, analyze and give feedback to sales managers on their representatives’ performance with customers, enabling them to remotely monitor their teams, saving two to three days a week from having to accompany field sales reps on training calls.

Perioperative team collaboration platform to intended to prove patient care that captures lessons, notes, and feedback after procedures and drives continuous improvement, helping surgeons, anesthesiologists, nurses, and other surgical stakeholders in fast and efficient coordination and collaboration from pre-op to post-op, while automating administrative tasks.

Developer of an artificial intelligence-based tool designed to find missed tax deductions and create a personalized tax plan to lower taxes. 

Developer of AI-driven information security tools designed to solve media provenance for social media platforms.

Developer of a neurotech device designed to digitize the sense of scent. The company’s device identifies hazardous compounds at canary ports and inspection points, enabling clients to identify the underlying object or even the state of that object.

Brooklinen was built to deliver simple, beautiful home essentials at a fair
price. 

Share bite-sized restaurant reviews with friends. Fondu was acquired by Airbnb in October 2012.

Next Generation Sports + Analytics

Making the home smarter, more efficient, and comfortable. By adding intelligence, automation, and beauty to these core areas, you will finally have a home that takes care of you, instead of the other way around.

Intelligent data platform for visual data

Predictive machine learning products to help companies understand their users

Combining technology tools and human interventions to change the deeply ingrained behaviors and external factors affecting student attendance, including poverty, racism, and socio-economic exclusion.

Oral drugs for the treatment of chronic inflammatory diseases.
 
New Venture Concept
Technology and Intellectual Property (IP)
Competitive Analysis
Regulatory Pathways (if applicable)
Management Team


                    Twitter is a real-time information network that connects you to the latest stories, ideas, opinions and news about what you find interesting.
                

                            Tracing its roots to the launch of the NYU Innovation Venture Fund in 2010, the NYU Entrepreneurial Institute creates a diverse, inclusive culture that facilitates & celebrates entrepreneurship campus-wide, supporting students, faculty & researchers creating scalable solutions to meaningful problems.                        

16 Washington Place  (at Greene St.)
New York City 10003 |
                            map

Monday – Thursday: 10AM – 8PM Friday: 10AM – 6PM 

                                Learn more about the Leslie eLab
                            


