https://entrepreneur.nyu.edu/resource/startup-coaching/

Epistemic AI provides a knowledge discovery platform that maps biomedical knowledge and guides users through the discovery process, revealing hidden connections, informing critical decisions, and saving time and cost.

Optemization is a digital operations agency with an expertise in the implementation of efficient and smooth organization systems, processes, and habits.

Companies and their health insurance providers use HealthBoxed to drive meaningful engagement in their employee wellness initiatives. HealthBoxes include wellness products, memberships, and informational material, and can be customized to complement each client’s wellness initiative and to fit their wellness budget. 
Coaching appointments are virtual by default (for an in-person appointment, please book below and then send an email request to the Coach you have selected)
Sign up below!
Got an idea for a new venture? Need help scaling your startup operations? Don't know where to start? Get one-on-one or group coaching from startup experts at the Entrepreneurial Institute. All students, researchers, faculty, and staff—regardless of area of study, experience, discipline, or NYU school affiliation are eligible to participate.
Schedule an appointment with a Startup Coach today!
The Startup Coaching Program supports aspiring entrepreneurs at every stage of their startup journey. Whether you just came up with a concept an hour ago or have thought about it for years, the NYU Entrepreneurial Institute gives you - students, faculty, researchers and staff - access to a network of entrepreneurs, venture coaches, and industry experts to help your venture launch and scale.
The NYU Entrepreneurial Institute offers a variety of resources to support NYU startups at all stages of development including:
Who Can Participate
Anyone currently at NYU can take advantage of the resources offered by the Startup Coaching Program:
Frank heads the Entrepreneurial Institute and is the Managing Director of the NYU Innovation Venture Fund.
Rebecca is the Director of the NYU Entrepreneurial Institute and supports entrepreneurs focused on socio-environmental challenges.
Dee is a Venture Principal for the NYU Innovation Venture Fund, focusing on investment opportunities in life science and healthcare.
Jen is the Assistant Director for the NYU Entrepreneurial Institute. She leads all first-time appointments.
De-Ann is a Programs Manager at the NYU Entrepreneurial Institute, where she coaches early-stage ventures.
Keith is a Programs Manager at the NYU Entrepreneurial Institute, where he coaches early-stage and social ventures.
Darren is Venture Associate at the NYU Entrepreneurial Institute. He specializes in Information Technology and Consumer Products.
The NYU Entrepreneurial Institute welcomes several startup founders who are alumni of NYU Summer Launchpad to build their companies out of the Leslie eLab. These founders are available to serve as mentors and advisors to up-and-coming NYU startups. Meet the Founders In Residence:
PhD (Courant '15), Courant Faculty
Geopipe
(CAS '19)
GigFinesse
(GSAS '17)
Phases
(GSAS '21)
Visura
(Tandon '18)
We Are The New Farmers
(Stern '23)
Trousso
(Tisch '23)
Baton
(UPenn)
Jones
(Stern)
Ephemeral
(Wagner '20)
Govern For America
(Tisch '20)
Resist Nutrition
MIT CSAIL
(Stern ‘05)
Entrepreneur
(Wagner ‘13)
Kinvolved
(Stern '13)
Two Sigma Ventures
Greycroft
(Wagner '18)
FairFrame
(Stern '13)
Two Sigma Ventures
Majorlee Investments
New York Angels
Medinas
(Tisch '05)
Startup Advisor
(Tisch '04)
Realtime Lab
Mighty Business
(Gallatin '12)
Run for America
Osage University Partners
(Tandon '15)
Rosecliff Ventures
Simon Data
(CAS '01)
VSA Partners
NYU
(Stern '16)
Laconia Capital Group
(Stern ‘17)
The Blackstone Group
Industry Index
Wellspring Strategies
(Stern ‘12)
Thando’s
Drift.com
Trusty.care
(GSAS ‘18)
Invisible Technologies
(NYU Lecturer, Tandon)
Radian Capital
(Stern '00)
Greycroft Partners
Chimney Ridge LLC
(CAS ‘07)
Google Ventures
(Stern '11)
Hearst Ventures
(Stern ‘19)
Two Sigma Ventures
(Stern ‘17)
Primary Venture Partners
Collaborative Fund
HearstLab
Triple Bottom Why
Magnetic
(Stern ‘13)
645 Ventures
(CAS ‘96)
Resy
(Steinhardt ‘17)
Trail Mix Ventures
Genacast Ventures
ERA
(Tandon ‘18)
Sunthetics
Antler
(ITP '10)
Zola
(Steinhardt ‘13)
The Clear Cut
(Tandon ‘16)
The Blackstone Group
(Gallatin ‘17)
Anthos Capital
(Tisch '88)
Joor
(CAS ‘04, Stern ‘13)
Thando’s
(Tandon '83)
LendKey
(Tisch '10)
Polymer Search


                    Twitter is a real-time information network that connects you to the latest stories, ideas, opinions and news about what you find interesting.
                

                            Tracing its roots to the launch of the NYU Innovation Venture Fund in 2010, the NYU Entrepreneurial Institute creates a diverse, inclusive culture that facilitates & celebrates entrepreneurship campus-wide, supporting students, faculty & researchers creating scalable solutions to meaningful problems.                        

16 Washington Place  (at Greene St.)
New York City 10003 |
                            map

Monday – Thursday: 10AM – 8PM Friday: 10AM – 6PM 

                                Learn more about the Leslie eLab
                            


