https://entrepreneur.nyu.edu/resource/leslie-elab/
The Mark and Debra Leslie Entrepreneurs Lab is a 6,800-square-foot facility in the heart of the Washington Square campus where aspiring NYU entrepreneurs from across all of NYU’s schools and colleges—be they students, faculty, or researchers—can meet to connect, collaborate, and tap into a vast array of resources to help develop their ideas and inventions into startup companies.
Current NYU students, staff, and faculty are allowed to use the lab. The NYU Entrepreneurial Institute will host programs both remotely and in person. Visit entrepreneur.nyu.edu for events, deadlines, and more info.
Address: 16 Washington Pl, New York, NY 10003
Leslie eLab Hours of Operation (starting Sep 5):
Monday – Thursday: 10AM – 8PM
Fridays: 10AM – 6PM

                to the Leslie eLab!            
16 Washington Place
(at Greene Street)
New York City 10003
(212) 992-6070

Can I bring my non-NYU/alumni co-founder into the Leslie eLab?
Only current NYU students, staff, and faculty may visit the Leslie eLab. Some exceptions may apply to speakers and special guests who have been pre-approved.
Can my entrepreneurial club host their event at the Leslie eLab?
Yes! Please request a room booking in advance.
Can I do my French HW at the Leslie eLab?
A more appropriate space would be Bobst library. We welcome everyone who is actively working on a startup, curious about entrepreneurship, and wanting to meet other NYU entrepreneurs.
How can I sign up for future events and coaching?
Through our weekly newsletters and visit the Events Calendar to learn more about upcoming events, workshops, and sign up for 1:1 coaching.
If you have any other questions, please email entrepreneur@nyu.edu and a member of our team will get back to you as soon as possible.


                    Twitter is a real-time information network that connects you to the latest stories, ideas, opinions and news about what you find interesting.
                

                            Tracing its roots to the launch of the NYU Innovation Venture Fund in 2010, the NYU Entrepreneurial Institute creates a diverse, inclusive culture that facilitates & celebrates entrepreneurship campus-wide, supporting students, faculty & researchers creating scalable solutions to meaningful problems.                        

16 Washington Place  (at Greene St.)
New York City 10003 |
                            map

Monday – Thursday: 10AM – 8PM Friday: 10AM – 6PM 

                                Learn more about the Leslie eLab
                            


