https://entrepreneur.nyu.edu/resource/startup-school/

All-natural food products packed with endocrine supportive nutrients that can naturally improve menstrual symptoms. 

A career exploration platform guiding professionals to confidently identify which career path they will love.

Circle is an online networking platform with fluid interactions and rich networking features. Schools and students use Circle for alumni mixers, recruiting, and admissions events since it helps attendees make better connections more effectively.
Blackstone LaunchPad Startup School is a workshop series, led by industry experts, designed to teach you in-demand startup skills and expose you to essential entrepreneurship topics.
Topics and instructors vary every semester; browse the upcoming topics below and RSVP to any/all that are relevant to you! Whether you're thinking about pursuing a new startup idea or have already launched, Blackstone LaunchPad Startup School is for you.
Workshops are free to all current NYU community members (with active NYU IDs).
 
Do I need to register?
Yes, registration is required for each workshop. Attendees must check-in at the front desk upon arrival.
Who teaches Startup School?
Each workshop is taught by an industry expert. This includes venture capitalists, startup founders, startup lawyers, digital marketers, accountants, and more!

Are there any prerequisites?
There are no prerequisites. Simply attend the sessions that are of interest to you - and attend as many as you like!
Where can I see previous sessions of Startup School?
Check out previous recordings of Startup School workshops on our YouTube channel.

Getting to Product Market Fit Part 1

Getting to Product Market Fit Part 2

 How To Build Products Users Love 

 When and How to Raise VC 

 Acquiring Customers on a Budget 

 Sizing Up Your Market and Competition 

              Supercharge Your #Innovation with SBIR/STTR Grants!SBIR/STTR WorkshopEach year, 11 federal agencies set aside more than $2 billion to fund resear...            

Details & RSVP


              Want to learn how to forge an #inclusive #startup culture? Gain tools for #diversity, inclusive leadership & bias mitigation.Breaking Barrier...            

Details & RSVP


              Spark your #creativity with Maryam Daryabegi, the #DesignThinking Guru! Learn & practice how to #innovate & #ideateDesign Thinking Best P...            

Details & RSVP



                    Twitter is a real-time information network that connects you to the latest stories, ideas, opinions and news about what you find interesting.
                

                            Tracing its roots to the launch of the NYU Innovation Venture Fund in 2010, the NYU Entrepreneurial Institute creates a diverse, inclusive culture that facilitates & celebrates entrepreneurship campus-wide, supporting students, faculty & researchers creating scalable solutions to meaningful problems.                        

16 Washington Place  (at Greene St.)
New York City 10003 |
                            map

Monday – Thursday: 10AM – 8PM Friday: 10AM – 6PM 

                                Learn more about the Leslie eLab
                            


