https://entrepreneur.nyu.edu/startup-journey/

No matter where you find yourself in your own startup journey, NYU has the resources for you. Maybe you're in the very beginning and all you have is an idea. Maybe it's been years and your business is well underway. Whatever the case may be, NYU offers coaching, co-working spaces, workshops, competitions, and funding opportunities to help you grow! Use this page to discover what your startup journey may look like.
Between the Leslie eLab (startup central) and the Tandon MakerSpace (prototyping heaven), NYU has all the right startup spaces for you to explore. 
Ideate, experiment, and learn from people who are crushing it in their fields. Want to learn how to pitch to investors? How to create a brand strategy? How to use Design Thinking? NYU has you covered.
Looking for classes on how to start a business? Here is a complete list of entrepreneurship courses offered at NYU.
NYU has a large network of coaches and mentors, from field experts to venture capitalists, who look forward to guiding entrepreneurs to success. Whether you have nothing but an idea, or you need help that is specific to your field, coaching appointments are the way to go.
The NYU Entrepreneurial Institute offers an Accelerator Program to guide you from an idea all the way to a thriving business. 
A 2-day intensive for teams of 2+ with an idea or prototype. You may want to start here!
A 2-week intensive for teams a little further along, with a prototype or product.
A 9-week accelerator for teams with a product or service that is ready for launch or already in the market. 
NYU hosts a number of competitions in which you can practice pitching, get prize money, and network with accomplished judges! 
Grants, awards, and other funding opportunities for you to build a prototype or advance your business.
The NYU entrepreneurial community consists of dozens of student clubs, hundreds of startups, and thousands of founders. Tap into your network and discover ways in which you can all help each other grow!
Book a group or 1-on-1 coaching session
Sign up for one or more of our newsletters
Check out the calendar page to see what's coming up next

                            Tracing its roots to the launch of the NYU Innovation Venture Fund in 2010, the NYU Entrepreneurial Institute creates a diverse, inclusive culture that facilitates & celebrates entrepreneurship campus-wide, supporting students, faculty & researchers creating scalable solutions to meaningful problems.                        

16 Washington Place  (at Greene St.)
New York City 10003 |
                            map

Monday – Thursday: 10AM – 8PM Friday: 10AM – 6PM 

                                Learn more about the Leslie eLab
                            


