https://www.nyu.edu/alumni/get-involved/volunteer-opportunities.html
Connecting talented and ambitious people in the world's greatest cities, our mission is to be a top quality institution.
Join our more than 40,000 students studying in hundreds of programs on six continents all around the globe.
Our world-class students, faculty, and scholars expect high achievement in pursuit of engaging the world's diverse challenges.
An institution without walls, we draw spirit from our cities and their famous cultural institutions and professional opportunities.
Being at the forefront of their disciplines, our faculty shape the understanding of an enormous range of academic fields.
Connecting talented and ambitious people in the world's greatest cities, our mission is to be a top quality institution.
Join our more than 40,000 students studying in hundreds of programs on six continents all around the globe.
Our world-class students, faculty, and scholars expect high achievement in pursuit of engaging the world's diverse challenges.
An institution without walls, we draw spirit from our cities and their famous cultural institutions and professional opportunities.
Being at the forefront of their disciplines, our faculty shape the understanding of an enormous range of academic fields.
The strength of the NYU Alumni Association (NYUAA) is fueled by alumni volunteers who remain connected to the University by sharing their time and talents. We count on volunteers for everything from leading our NYU Alumni Clubs to assisting with student admissions. Check out these quick and easy ways to get involved. Complete the Volunteer Interest Form to get started!
Depending on your preferred volunteer program or opportunity, you should expect to hear back from a member of our team within 5–7 business days. In the meantime, feel free to contact alumni.volunteer@nyu.edu with any questions, or if you are in need of additional information.  
That depends! Many of our opportunities differ in required hours and length of service. You will be able to indicate your anticipated time commitment and ability on the Volunteer Interest Form. The Office of Alumni Relations will use this information when placing volunteers within our various programs and initiatives.

If you are interested in scheduling a phone call or in-person meeting with a member of our team, please email alumni.volunteer@nyu.edu.
We love having the opportunity to host events with members of the NYU community, and try to use alumni-owned venues whenever possible. Our events occur around the globe and range in size and scale. They can involve anything from small regional happy hours to larger sponsored events with guest speakers or lecturers. We also host New Student Send-offs during the summer months to help incoming students make friends and build community before arriving on campus. We prefer to have NYU families and alumni host these events at their businesses and homes, and are always looking for new partners!

If you have a space that you would like to make available to our Alumni Relations team, please email your information and space details to alumni.benefits@nyu.edu with the subject “Alumni Event Space.”
While some of our opportunities are only available to those who live in close proximity to the NYC campuses, we encourage alumni around the world to get involved! The following volunteer opportunities are available to all alumni regardless of geographic location:

University Development and Alumni Relations

								 New York University 
								
								
							

alumni.info@nyu.edu

Phone

(212) 998-6912
Update your contact information to stay in touch! Fill out the address change form below.
NYU Alumni are active across a variety of social media channels. Follow us for fun contests, NYU trivia, photos, news, and more!
