https://www.nyu.edu/alumni/benefits/career-development.html
Connecting talented and ambitious people in the world's greatest cities, our mission is to be a top quality institution.
Join our more than 40,000 students studying in hundreds of programs on six continents all around the globe.
Our world-class students, faculty, and scholars expect high achievement in pursuit of engaging the world's diverse challenges.
An institution without walls, we draw spirit from our cities and their famous cultural institutions and professional opportunities.
Being at the forefront of their disciplines, our faculty shape the understanding of an enormous range of academic fields.
Connecting talented and ambitious people in the world's greatest cities, our mission is to be a top quality institution.
Join our more than 40,000 students studying in hundreds of programs on six continents all around the globe.
Our world-class students, faculty, and scholars expect high achievement in pursuit of engaging the world's diverse challenges.
An institution without walls, we draw spirit from our cities and their famous cultural institutions and professional opportunities.
Being at the forefront of their disciplines, our faculty shape the understanding of an enormous range of academic fields.
New York University is pleased to offer alumni career services as a benefit through the NYU Office of Alumni Relations. There are several career centers at NYU that support alumni in their career development process. Please review the information below, and choose the career center that aligns with the school from which you matriculated. 

The NYU Wasserman Center for Career Development offers general career coaching support to alumni with an Associate's, Bachelor's, Master's, Graduate Certificate, or Doctoral degree from the following list of schools. Services include:

Whether you are looking to advance your career, considering a transition, or starting a new job search, the Wasserman Center is an excellent place to start! Most alumni meet with the center between one and three times as they consider their next steps. If you are interested in extensive coaching support, the Wasserman Center also offers a list of external career coaches as part of their alumni career resources available in Handshake.

To learn more about the Wasserman Center’s alumni career services, events, and resources, please visit their alumni career services page.

In addition to the services provided by the Wasserman, alumni from the following schools can access additional support through their school’s Career Center:

Expand your network and connect with fellow alumni through NYU’s new online platform for knowledge sharing, networking, and mentorship. Get one-on-one professional advice from those in your region or industry of interest, and give back by sharing your expertise with others in the NYU community.    
The Career Center for Working Professionals (CCWP) provides all Stern alumni (undergraduate and graduate) with a host of programming and resources aimed at advancing careers. To learn more about all the services and resources provided to NYU Stern alumni at the Career Center for Working Professionals, please visit the alumni webpage on the CCWP website. 
The Office of Career Services (OCS) offers assistance to New York University School of Law JD and LLM graduates undertaking job or career transitions. Please visit the School of Law Office of Career Services alumni webpage for more information on these benefits and resources.

Alumni from the School of Medicine in need of career development support may contact Anthony Grieco (MD ‘63), Associate Dean- NYU School of Medicine Alumni Relations at alumnirelations@nyumc.org or 212.263.5390.  
The NYU Dentistry community is invited to sign up for the NYU Dentistry Career Directory, a specialized database that connects employers to alumni, faculty, staff and students. The exclusive career portal includes dental jobs and offices for lease posted by alumni and corporate employers. There is no charge for employers to post a dental opportunity and registered users receive a weekly email of new submissions. For more information about this alumni resource, please contact the Development & Alumni Relations Office at dental.careers@nyu.edu or 212-998-9223.    
https://dental.nyu.edu/careers
Stay up-to-date on the latest news, events, and benefits available to NYU alumni by updating your contact information.
Violet Network will make it easy for you to share your professional expertise with NYU students & other alumni. (Link opens in new tab)
University Development and Alumni Relations

								 New York University 
								
								
							

alumni.info@nyu.edu

Phone

(212) 998-6912
Update your contact information to stay in touch! Fill out the address change form below.
NYU Alumni are active across a variety of social media channels. Follow us for fun contests, NYU trivia, photos, news, and more!
