https://www.nyu.edu/alumni/get-involved/nyu-alumni-association.html
Connecting talented and ambitious people in the world's greatest cities, our mission is to be a top quality institution.
Join our more than 40,000 students studying in hundreds of programs on six continents all around the globe.
Our world-class students, faculty, and scholars expect high achievement in pursuit of engaging the world's diverse challenges.
An institution without walls, we draw spirit from our cities and their famous cultural institutions and professional opportunities.
Being at the forefront of their disciplines, our faculty shape the understanding of an enormous range of academic fields.
Connecting talented and ambitious people in the world's greatest cities, our mission is to be a top quality institution.
Join our more than 40,000 students studying in hundreds of programs on six continents all around the globe.
Our world-class students, faculty, and scholars expect high achievement in pursuit of engaging the world's diverse challenges.
An institution without walls, we draw spirit from our cities and their famous cultural institutions and professional opportunities.
Being at the forefront of their disciplines, our faculty shape the understanding of an enormous range of academic fields.
The NYU Alumni Association (NYUAA) is the umbrella organization for all University alumni from every NYU school. With a network of more than 650,000 NYU alumni worldwide, membership in the NYUAA begins upon graduation, is free for life, and includes an array of alumni benefits.
The mission of the NYUAA is to build and sustain a lifelong relationship between the University and its alumni through the following initiatives:
The NYUAA is led by a volunteer Board of Directors, which includes representatives from all NYU schools. The NYUAA works collaboratively with the Office of Alumni Relations to advise and develop strategies towards the organizational mission and advancement of NYU and its alumni.
NYU Alumni are encouraged to stay connected to NYU by participating in NYUAA programs such as:
The best way to start getting involved with the NYUAA is to attend an upcoming event. You can view a full list of upcoming events. Don't forget to update your contact information to be placed on the contact list for your preferred newsletters, invitation lists, clubs and/ or affinity groups. For general questions, please email alumni.volunteer@nyu.edu or call the Office of Alumni Relations at 212-998-6912.
NYUAA Board Committees consist of members of the NYUAA Board of Directors and other dedicated alumni volunteers. Committees meet 3–5 times throughout the Board year, which runs from September 1–August 31 annually. Below is a listing of the current NYUAA Board Committees. If you are interested in serving on one of the NYUAA Board Committees, please fill out the Volunteer Interest Form. As the selection process occurs over the summer months, we request that applications and supplementary materials be submitted to the Volunteer Office no later than May 1st for consideration for the start of service on September 1st.
Any committee submissions received after the May 1st deadline will be kept on file for service in the following year. For any questions, please email alumni.volunteer@nyu.edu with the subject line “NYUAA Board Committee Interest”.
How do I obtain an NYU Alumni Card?
All alumni are eligible for an Alumni Card that gives you discounts on entertainment, dining, travel, transportation, shopping, financial services, insurance, and more. If you need a new or replacement physical card, you can request one. Replacement cards are mailed quarterly. 
Does my NYU Alumni Card give me access to the NYU buildings?
Unfortunately, the Alumni Card is not a University ID and may not be used to access University buildings. Because our Washington Square campus is in and of the city, space is at a premium and is reserved for use by current students. Details of campus access (which may require valid photo ID)—including Bobst Library and the athletic centers, access to the Kimmel Center and Campus Transportation, and access to the Wasserman Center for Career Development—are available on their respective websites. 
What is the minimum donation to receive an Alumni Card?
All alumni are entitled to an NYU Alumni Card, regardless of their status as a donor. There is no initial or annual fee to receive the card and it does not expire.  
Who is eligible for NYU Alumni benefits?
Any person who has earned at least 13 credits in a matriculated (degree seeking) program at the University is considered part of the NYU alumni community and eligible to access certain benefits offered, including invitations to most alumni events and access to the Alumni PerksConnect App. Unfortunately, access to NYU Global Home is limited to those who have graduated from a matriculated program.  
What is the alumni discount at the Computer Store or Bookstore?
NYU alumni enjoy discounts on full-priced apparel and gifts at our Campus Bookstore or online shop. If you would like to shop in-store, you must present your Alumni ID in order to receive the alumni discount. Alternatively, if you’d like to shop online, you may email alumni.benefits@nyu.edu to receive a discount code.
Sale items are not eligible for additional discounts and other restrictions may apply.
Additionally, Alumni also receive an educational discount or pricing on Dell and Lenovo laptops, Apple computers, iPads, AppleCare Warranties, and in-store services at the Campus Computer Store. Prices shown on the website and in-store are reflective of the discount. Items purchased at the Campus Computer Store or online at the educational rate are not eligible for additional discounts.
What's a NetID? An N Number? Do I have those?
All alumni have an NYU NetID and an N Number (or university ID).
Your NetID is a combination of your initials and a few random numbers, e.g., abc123. Your NetID is your username for all NYU online services, including your NYUHome account, ALBERT, NYU wi-fi, as well as is the prefix for your NYU email address (example: abc123@nyu.edu). 
Your NetID is different from your N Number (sometimes called the university ID), which is also printed on your NYUCard, but is a longer string of numbers and starts with an "N."
To learn more about these IDs, click here to learn more.
How do I learn about volunteer opportunities with the NYUAA?
Check out our "Get Involved" page for options and resources for NYU alumni volunteers. Then submit the Volunteer Interest Form to get started. 
I’ve submitted my volunteer interest form. When should I expect to hear from you?
That depends! Many of our opportunities differ in required hours and length of service. You will be able to indicate your anticipated time commitment and ability on the Volunteer Interest Form. The Office of Alumni Relations will use this information when placing volunteers within our various programs and initiatives.
I’m not sure how I want to get involved; who can I contact in order to learn more about the available opportunities?
If you are interested in scheduling a phone call or in-person meeting with a member of our team, please call (212) 998-6957 or email alumni.volunteer@nyu.edu.
How can I promote a job opportunity to NYU alumni?
The best way to reach our alumni is to post your opportunities on NYU Handshake, a free online employment listing site used by undergraduate and graduate students, as well as alumni. If you have questions about the process, you can reach the recruitment team at the Wasserman Center for Career Development by emailing them at recruitment@nyu.edu.
What career services are available to me?
The NYU Wasserman Center is committed to assisting NYU alumni with their career development after graduation. They offer general career services to alumni from eligible NYU schools, which include:
You can learn more about their specific services by visiting their website. If you have any questions related to career development for alumni, you may also email them at career.alumni@nyu.edu.
How can I obtain a copy of my transcript or record?
To obtain a copy of your transcript, please visit the Registrar website or contact the Office of the University Registrar at registrar@nyu.edu or call 212-998-4280. 
How can I receive degree verification for work?
Degree and Enrollment Verification services are offered through the University Registrar. You can find the process outlined on their website. You may also contact the Office of the University Registrar directly at 212-998-4280 or academic.records@nyu.edu.
How can I get a copy of my diploma?
For information about your diploma, please contact Graduation Services in the Office of the Registrar at 212-998-4260 or at graduation@nyu.edu.
How can I update my contact information?
You can update your contact information via our online preference center. 
Join the first-ever all-alumni effort to endow a permanent scholarship for future NYU alumni! Led by the NYU Alumni Association, 
The NYUAA Board welcomes NYU alumni who wish to observe NYUAA Board Meetings and learn more. Connect with us to find out how to attend.


Join the NYU Global Alumni group on LinkedIn to network and make connections with NYU alumni living around the world.

University Development and Alumni Relations

								 New York University 
								
								
							

alumni.info@nyu.edu

Phone

(212) 998-6912
Update your contact information to stay in touch! Fill out the address change form below.
NYU Alumni are active across a variety of social media channels. Follow us for fun contests, NYU trivia, photos, news, and more!
