https://www.nyu.edu/alumni/nyu-office-of-alumni-relations/frequently-asked-questions.html
Connecting talented and ambitious people in the world's greatest cities, our mission is to be a top quality institution.
Join our more than 40,000 students studying in hundreds of programs on six continents all around the globe.
Our world-class students, faculty, and scholars expect high achievement in pursuit of engaging the world's diverse challenges.
An institution without walls, we draw spirit from our cities and their famous cultural institutions and professional opportunities.
Being at the forefront of their disciplines, our faculty shape the understanding of an enormous range of academic fields.
Connecting talented and ambitious people in the world's greatest cities, our mission is to be a top quality institution.
Join our more than 40,000 students studying in hundreds of programs on six continents all around the globe.
Our world-class students, faculty, and scholars expect high achievement in pursuit of engaging the world's diverse challenges.
An institution without walls, we draw spirit from our cities and their famous cultural institutions and professional opportunities.
Being at the forefront of their disciplines, our faculty shape the understanding of an enormous range of academic fields.
All alumni are eligible for an Alumni Card that gives you discounts on entertainment, dining, travel, transportation, shopping, financial services, insurance, and more. If you need a new or replacement physical card, you can request one here. Replacement cards are mailed quarterly.
You can access many of the benefits of the Alumni Card online, and print an NYU Alumni Card, via PerksConnect. To access PerksConnect, visit nyualumni.perksconnection.com > click “Activate Your Account Now” (top right) > enter Group Code: NYUAlumni > and complete sign up.
Please note, the Alumni Card is not a University ID and may not be used to access University buildings.
Unfortunately, the Alumni Card is not a University ID and may not be used to access University buildings. Because our Washington Square campus is in and of the city, space is at a premium and is reserved for use by current students. Details of campus access (which may require valid photo ID)—including Bobst Library and the athletic centers, access to the Kimmel Center and Campus Transportation, and access to the Wasserman Center for Career Development—are available on their respective websites. 
All alumni are entitled to an NYU Alumni Card, regardless of their status as a donor. There is no initial or annual fee to receive the card and it does not expire.  
Any person who has earned at least 13 credits in a matriculated (degree seeking) program at the University is considered part of the NYU alumni community and eligible to access certain benefits offered, including invitations to most alumni events and access to the Alumni PerksConnect App. Unfortunately, access to NYU Global Homeis limited to those who have graduated from a matriculated program.  
NYU alumni enjoy discounts on full-priced apparel and gifts at our Campus Bookstore or online shop. If you would like to shop in-store, you must present your Alumni ID in order to receive the alumni discount. Alternatively, if you’d like to shop online, you may email alumni.benefits@nyu.edu to receive a discount code.
Sale items are not eligible for additional discounts and other restrictions may apply.
Additionally, Alumni also receive an educational discount or pricing on Dell and Lenovo laptops, Apple computers, iPads, AppleCare Warranties, and in-store services at the Campus Computer Store. Prices shown on the website and in-store are reflective of the discount. Items purchased at the Campus Computer Store or online at the educational rate are not eligible for additional discounts.
 
All alumni have an NYU NetID and an N Number (or university ID).
Your NetID is a combination of your initials and a few random numbers, e.g., abc123. Your NetID is your username for all NYU online services, including your NYUHome account, ALBERT, NYU wi-fi, as well as is the prefix for your NYU email address (example: abc123@nyu.edu). 
Your NetID is different from your N Number (sometimes calld the university ID), which is also printed on your NYUCard, but is a longer string of numbers and starts with an "N."
To learn more about these IDs, click here.
To obtain a copy of your transcript, please visit the Registrar website or contact the Office of the University Registrar at registrar@nyu.edu or call 212-998-4280. 
Degree and Enrollment Verification services are offered through the University Registrar. You can find the process outlined on their website here. You may also contact the Office of the University Registrar directly at 212-998-4280 or academic.records@nyu.edu.
 
For information about your diploma, please contact Graduation Services in the Office of the Registrar at 212-998-4260 or at graduation@nyu.edu.
To update your contact information visit nyualumni.com/address-change. 
To update any biographical information not included in the Contact Information Update Form, including name or gender, please email alumni.info@nyu.edu and we'll be sure the update is changed in our system.
We love being in touch with alumni and always aim to provide the best service experience to help you stay connected with NYU. Unfortunately, we cannot accommodate unscheduled, drop-in visits at our alumni office at 115 5th Avenue. For assistance, please email alumni.info@nyu.edu or call 212-998-6912 and a member of our team will assist you as soon as possible.
The best way to get involved with an NYU Alumni Club is to attend an upcoming event.
You can view a full list of Alumni Clubs, and their upcoming events, here.  Each club has a page that lists their contact information, current leadership, and upcoming events. 
If you are interested in a region-based Alumni Club, you can update your contact information to be placed on the mailing list of your local club. If you are interested in an affinity club, you can opt-in to receive club communications via our online preference center. 
 
We are thrilled that you are interested in volunteering with our NYU Alumni Association. Click here to view and inquire about our alumni volunteer opportunities.

The best way to reach our alumni is to post your opportunities on NYU Handshake, a free online employment listing site used by undergraduate and graduate students, as well as alumni. If you have questions about the process, you can reach the recruitment team at the Wasserman Center for Career Development by emailing them at recruitment@nyu.edu.
 
The NYU Wasserman Center is committed to assisting NYU alumni with their career development after graduation. They offer general career services to alumni from eligible NYU schools, which include:
Career coaching
In-person and virtual professional development events
Access to online job postings and career resources through Handshake
You can learn more about their specific services by visiting their website. If you have any questions related to career development for alumni, you may also email them at career.alumni@nyu.edu.
 
Access to Handshake is provided to alumni from eligible NYU schools. To create an account or login to Handshake, you need to use your NYU NetID credentials (Single Sign On). If you do not have a NYU NetID or need to regain access to your NYU home account, please follow these steps for NetID retrieval.
Once you’ve received access, you can use your NetID email address to set up your Handshake account through Wasserman. 

For details on the career services available to you from the Wasserman Center for Career Development, you may also visit their alumni career services website.
Please note that we only post events to our website and/or social media that are sponsored by New York University or our benefits partners.  If you would like to reach out to the alumni community on your own, you may do so by posting through the official NYU Alumni LinkedIn group. Additionally, if you plan to promote your event on Twitter, you may use the hashtags #NYUAlumni and #ForeverViolet in your tweet to gain the attention of our online alumni community.



Fill out the address update form to stay in touch and receive the latest alumni news, events, and information.
Can't find the information you are looking for? Feel free to reach out to us using the contact details under "Get In Touch".
Email Us
Alumni Benefits

Career Dev

Events

Giving

Volunteer

General Inquiry

Phone

212-998-6912
University Development and Alumni Relations

								 New York University 
								
								
							

alumni.info@nyu.edu

Phone

(212) 998-6912
Update your contact information to stay in touch! Fill out the address change form below.
NYU Alumni are active across a variety of social media channels. Follow us for fun contests, NYU trivia, photos, news, and more!
