https://www.nyu.edu/alumni/get-involved/volunteer-resources.html
Connecting talented and ambitious people in the world's greatest cities, our mission is to be a top quality institution.
Join our more than 40,000 students studying in hundreds of programs on six continents all around the globe.
Our world-class students, faculty, and scholars expect high achievement in pursuit of engaging the world's diverse challenges.
An institution without walls, we draw spirit from our cities and their famous cultural institutions and professional opportunities.
Being at the forefront of their disciplines, our faculty shape the understanding of an enormous range of academic fields.
Connecting talented and ambitious people in the world's greatest cities, our mission is to be a top quality institution.
Join our more than 40,000 students studying in hundreds of programs on six continents all around the globe.
Our world-class students, faculty, and scholars expect high achievement in pursuit of engaging the world's diverse challenges.
An institution without walls, we draw spirit from our cities and their famous cultural institutions and professional opportunities.
Being at the forefront of their disciplines, our faculty shape the understanding of an enormous range of academic fields.


Reference Links Alumni Clubs Guidebook (PDF) | Alumni Toolkit (PDF) | Awareness Calendar (PDF) | Cvent OnArrival Instructions (PDF) | Groups & Communities Directory | LinkedIn Instructions (PDF) | DEI Conscious Event Planning Guide (PDF)
The NYU Alumni Association (NYUAA) is the umbrella organization for all University alumni from every NYU school. Our 600,000 NYU alumni worldwide are supported by a robust network of dedicated alumni volunteers. Volunteers may utilize the resources on this site as their principal toolkit for volunteer operations.
Key volunteer opportunities include:
Alumni may also like to check out their NYU school's alumni engagement opportunities, contact information and events.
Learn more about the NYUAA to help you market and promote the NYU Alumni Association and its programs, activities, events, and benefits to fellow alumni and students. Don't forget to check out our Alumni Newsletter for recent news.
The New York University Alumni Association (NYUAA) sponsors 90 volunteer-led alumni clubs around the world – and thousands of individual volunteers creating meaning and community for their fellow alumni. The NYU Alumni community is supported by the shared leadership of alumni volunteers and professional staff with NYU Alumni Relations, who are themselves supported by a variety of resources provided by NYU.
Check out the links below to view our Center of Excellence materials.
For current NYUAA volunteers: See something missing or looking to make a suggestion? Take a moment to fill out our Feedback Form.
From event marketing to celebrating your fellow alumni leaders, alumni volunteers are invited to submit requests to the Volunteer Engagement team via the forms below. Have questions, reach out to alumni.volunteer@nyu.edu.
Common Forms for Volunteer Leaders
The NYU Volunteer Engagement team offers a variety of evergreen training modules for alumni volunteers. For specific training and questions, volunteers are advised to reach out to the team via alumni.volunteer@nyu.edu. 
Unsure of how NYU speaks about diversity, equity, and inclusion? Refer to our Office of Global Inclusion’s terminology webpage for more terminology and resources. 
Each NYU alumni club is encouraged to have a minimum of three planning meetings per calendar year. If present, NYU Alumni Programs staff will begin the planning meeting by sharing important updates from campus including staff changes, upcoming faculty travel and important deadlines. 
Some event models you may like to consider include:
*For a full list of program models and their descriptions, check out our Center of Excellence. 
Help spread the word or share your love for NYU as a #ViralViolet social media ambassador. All alumni are welcome to sign up for the online platform!

    
Learn about the more than 90 Alumni Clubs that provide ongoing opportunities to share experiences and traditions.
Opt-in to one of our many NYU Alumni lists to stay up to date with upcoming events & news via nyualumni.com/opt-in. Fill in the required fields and select your preference interest areas under the "Communications Preferences" tab.
That depends! Many of our volunteer opportunities differ in required hours and length of service depending on the type of opportunity. To get in touch with The Volunteer Engagement team, please contact alumni.volunteer@nyu.edu.
Generally, no; in an effort to be financially prudent, the NYU Office of Alumni Relations is unable to send a staff member to all of the 600+ events that occur annually throughout the US and across the globe. However, staff will provide dedicated support from afar and will travel to support signature events when possible.

 
We recommend you schedule a phone call or in-person meeting with a member of our team, please call (212) 998-6957 or email alumni.volunteer@nyu.edu.
You should expect to hear back from a member of our team within 5–7 business days.

Email the Volunteer Engagement Team

Learn how to nominate alumni for Distinguished Alumni Awards, NYU Alumni Changemakers, and Volunteer Service Awards.
University Development and Alumni Relations

								 New York University 
								
								
							

alumni.info@nyu.edu

Phone

(212) 998-6912
Update your contact information to stay in touch! Fill out the address change form below.
NYU Alumni are active across a variety of social media channels. Follow us for fun contests, NYU trivia, photos, news, and more!
