https://www.nyu.edu/alumni/benefits/insurance-programs.html
Connecting talented and ambitious people in the world's greatest cities, our mission is to be a top quality institution.
Join our more than 40,000 students studying in hundreds of programs on six continents all around the globe.
Our world-class students, faculty, and scholars expect high achievement in pursuit of engaging the world's diverse challenges.
An institution without walls, we draw spirit from our cities and their famous cultural institutions and professional opportunities.
Being at the forefront of their disciplines, our faculty shape the understanding of an enormous range of academic fields.
Connecting talented and ambitious people in the world's greatest cities, our mission is to be a top quality institution.
Join our more than 40,000 students studying in hundreds of programs on six continents all around the globe.
Our world-class students, faculty, and scholars expect high achievement in pursuit of engaging the world's diverse challenges.
An institution without walls, we draw spirit from our cities and their famous cultural institutions and professional opportunities.
Being at the forefront of their disciplines, our faculty shape the understanding of an enormous range of academic fields.
Being an NYU graduate certainly has its benefits! The NYU Office of Alumni Relations partners with vendors to offer alumni the unique opportunity to purchase insurance coverage at competitive rates. Offerings include health, auto, home/condo/renters, life, disability, pet, and travel insurance. Please note that while you may receive marketing from these providers as a result of these partnerships, we do not share your information with or sell your information to third parties. If you’d like to be removed from this outreach, please email alumni.benefits@nyu.edu.



You have the advantage of exclusive alumni-only discounts and/or benefits through the NYUAA Alumni Insurance Benefits Program, administered by AMBA. To learn more and enroll, visit our website or call 1 (888) 560-ALUM (2586). AMBA is committed to “Serving You throughout Your Life.”


Protect your car and home with customized insurance from Liberty Mutual. We’ll help you select the right coverage and get the discounts you’re eligible for. We offer many ways to save based on important life events as well as Multi-Policy and Multi-Car Discounts. And as an NYU alum, you could receive exclusive savings for even greater value*. Visit Liberty Mutual for a free quote.
*Discounts and savings are available where state laws and regulations allow, and may vary by state. Certain discounts apply to specific coverages only. To the extent permitted by law, applicants are individually underwritten; not all applicants may qualify. Please consult a Liberty Mutual sales representative for additional information. 

The Health Insurance Mart provides access to a web portal where you can easily compare and purchase the right health insurance coverage for your needs and the needs of your family and/or small business. This one-stop shopping experience includes affordable health insurance plans, access to a variety of health insurance plans underwritten by highly-rated insurers, and it is easy to view comparative quotes and competitive premiums.  Visit the Health Insurance Mart.

Plan for your future, your family’s future and the unknown with Mercer Consumer. Check out all the policies that are available to provide coverage for you and your entire family. 
Vet bills can be costly and with annual checkups and unexpected emergencies, they can leave you unable to afford medical treatment for your animals. Protect the health of your pets and make these expenses more manageable with the Alumni Pet Insurance Program.
Nationwide travel insurance is available to all NYU alumni, whether you are going on your own adventure or traveling through the NYU Alumni Explore travel program. Protect yourself and your travel companions from unexpected medical expenses or trip cancellation costs through these affordable plans. Learn more about coverage or receive a quote today or dial 833-424-4932.


Augeo offers NYU alumni a variety of insurance plans to best fit your needs and budget. Coverage is available in all 50 states, including new government subsidized coverages from well-known insurance companies. Click here for more information or to receive a quote. 

Stay up-to-date on the latest news, events, and benefits available to NYU alumni by updating your contact information.
Share your love for NYU as a #ViralViolet social media ambassador. Connect your social accounts, share content, earn points, and win prizes.
Like @NYUAlumni on Facebook and keep up with fellow alumni events and news.

University Development and Alumni Relations

								 New York University 
								
								
							

alumni.info@nyu.edu

Phone

(212) 998-6912
Update your contact information to stay in touch! Fill out the address change form below.
NYU Alumni are active across a variety of social media channels. Follow us for fun contests, NYU trivia, photos, news, and more!
