https://www.nyu.edu/life/inauguration-week.html
Connecting talented and ambitious people in the world's greatest cities, our mission is to be a top quality institution.
Join our more than 40,000 students studying in hundreds of programs on six continents all around the globe.
Our world-class students, faculty, and scholars expect high achievement in pursuit of engaging the world's diverse challenges.
An institution without walls, we draw spirit from our cities and their famous cultural institutions and professional opportunities.
Being at the forefront of their disciplines, our faculty shape the understanding of an enormous range of academic fields.
Connecting talented and ambitious people in the world's greatest cities, our mission is to be a top quality institution.
Join our more than 40,000 students studying in hundreds of programs on six continents all around the globe.
Our world-class students, faculty, and scholars expect high achievement in pursuit of engaging the world's diverse challenges.
An institution without walls, we draw spirit from our cities and their famous cultural institutions and professional opportunities.
Being at the forefront of their disciplines, our faculty shape the understanding of an enormous range of academic fields.

Linda G. Mills, JD, LCSW, PhD, an NSF- and NIJ-funded social scientist, award-winning filmmaker, and the Lisa Ellen Goldberg Professor of Social Work, Public Policy, and Law, was inaugurated as the 17th president of New York University on October 17, 2023. Events throughout inauguration week convened our university community to connect and to write NYU’s next chapter — together.


Tuesday, October 17, 2023
11:00 a.m. to 12:30 p.m.
The inauguration of President Linda G. Mills offered a momentous occasion to come together and set the stage for NYU’s third century — convening the NYU community and guests for a time-honored tradition.
All photos courtesy of NYU Photo Bureau 

												Linda G. Mills, 17th president of New York University, approaching the podium to speak at the inauguration ceremony.  
											

												Linda G. Mills, 17th president of New York University, entering the inauguration ceremony.  
											

												Joy Harjo, the 23rd Poet Laureate of the United States and member of the Mvskoke Nation, provides the land acknowledgement.  
											

												Rima Al Mokarrab, Trustee, gives a salute on behalf of NYU Abu Dhabi.  
											

												Shijun Tong, Chancellor of NYU Shanghai, gives a salute on behalf of NYU Shanghai. 
											

												Percussionists perform an excerpt from "Dark Full Ride" by Julia Wolfe, NYU professor and internationally-recognized composer.  
											

												Ron Hall, Former Chair, Student Government Assembly, speaks about the power of Linda's empathy, leadership, and commitment to students. 
											

												Close-up of President Mills' academic regalia, designed by NYU professor and Tony award-winning costume designer Susan Hilferty. 
											

												The installation of the president with Evan R. Chesler, Chair, Board of Trustees, and Aisha Oliver-Staley, SVP, General Counsel and NYU Secretary. 
											

												Noelle Molé Liston, NYU professor and Chair, Full-Time Continuing Contract Faculty Senators Council, in the Presentation of the Symbols of Office. 
											

												Linda G. Mills, 17th president of New York University, gives the Inaugural Address.  
											

												Linda G. Mills, 17th president of New York University, speaking about the alchemy of intersections across NYU. 
											

												This groundbreaking photo of the moon, from 1840 by John W. Draper, reminds us that NYU's tradition is the future. What will our next moonshot be? 
											

												"Feel it Happening" from The Reality Show: NYU is performed following the inaugural address.  
											



Events throughout inauguration week convened our university community to connect and to write NYU’s next chapter — together.
View a day's events:


Linda G. Mills became the 17th president of New York University on July 1, 2023. Read her full biography.

