https://www.nyu.edu/admissions/undergraduate-admissions/how-to-apply.html
Connecting talented and ambitious people in the world's greatest cities, our mission is to be a top quality institution.
Join our more than 40,000 students studying in hundreds of programs on six continents all around the globe.
Our world-class students, faculty, and scholars expect high achievement in pursuit of engaging the world's diverse challenges.
An institution without walls, we draw spirit from our cities and their famous cultural institutions and professional opportunities.
Being at the forefront of their disciplines, our faculty shape the understanding of an enormous range of academic fields.
Connecting talented and ambitious people in the world's greatest cities, our mission is to be a top quality institution.
Join our more than 40,000 students studying in hundreds of programs on six continents all around the globe.
Our world-class students, faculty, and scholars expect high achievement in pursuit of engaging the world's diverse challenges.
An institution without walls, we draw spirit from our cities and their famous cultural institutions and professional opportunities.
Being at the forefront of their disciplines, our faculty shape the understanding of an enormous range of academic fields.

Check on the status of your application to NYU.
Whether you’re from Massachusetts, Manchester, or Mumbai, a first-year student or a transfer, there are a few key things you need to do to apply to NYU. But requirements such as standardized testing and English language testing vary for different applicants.
If you're applying to one of the programs listed below, do not complete the Common Application. Visit the links for application instructions:
The review process. There are no formulas to making admissions decisions; NYU seeks a mix of students who have a variety of interests, talents, and goals. 
Email address. Make sure to use a personal email address. We strongly encourage you not to use a school email address to submit your application, as you may miss important information about your application and admissions decision.
Checking your application status. Within three weeks of the application deadline, NYU will let you know that we have received your application and give you information about how to track your status.

Documents. Please submit only documents or copies that you can replace because NYU does not return application documents.

Supplementary materials. Please only send artistic materials if you are applying to a program that requires an audition or portfolio (see Step 2 of the application instructions). If you are not applying to an artistic program, we cannot consider artistic materials or any other supplemental materials (pictures, articles, research papers, etc.).

Transfer students seeking financal aid/support. At present, NYU does not provide institutional aid to transfer students with the exception of certain partner or specialty programs such as CCTOP, Phi Theta Kappa, Horizon, GUIDE, POISE, and Second Degree Transfer program at Rory Meyers College of Nursing. Our financial aid counselors are here to help prospective transfer students consider financial options including federal financial aid.
Missing materials. Supporting materials should be sent by the deadline, but materials can be accepted after the application deadline but before the material deadline reflected in your application portal (typically 1-2 weeks after the application deadline).

Applicants with a previous criminal conviction. Please review our admission philosophy and process.

Application authenticity. It is your responsibility to ensure that your application information and all supporting documents are truthful and correct. NYU has a strict policy on application authenticity and working with agents or third parties.

We recognize that there are a myriad of circumstances that can affect a student’s ability to successfully complete the application process. For students and families affected by natural disasters, circumstances imposed by national governments, or any extreme extenuating circumstances, we want to be as accommodating as possible to avoid additional stress. We encourage any student in these situations to reach out to our office to inform us of the situation so that we can provide you with a recommended course of action. Depending on your situation, you may also follow these recommendations if you intend on applying to NYU.Supporting Materials
We will be as flexible as possible when waiting for supporting application materials such as transcripts or teacher evaluations. Certain materials are required to enroll at NYU, so please be in contact with our office should you expect any materials to be delayed.
On a case-by-case basis, we will consider application extensions for any student affected by a natural disaster, circumstances imposed by national governments, or any extreme extenuating circumstances. Please contact admissions@nyu.edu with a request for an extension before or shortly after our application deadline.
Impacted students can request an application fee waiver in the NYU Questions of the Common Application by selecting "Impacted by Ongoing Humanitarian Crisis."
Visiting student programs are ideal for high school graduates, professionals, and students from other colleges and universities. 

