https://www.nyu.edu/alumni/news-publications/get-social.html
Connecting talented and ambitious people in the world's greatest cities, our mission is to be a top quality institution.
Join our more than 40,000 students studying in hundreds of programs on six continents all around the globe.
Our world-class students, faculty, and scholars expect high achievement in pursuit of engaging the world's diverse challenges.
An institution without walls, we draw spirit from our cities and their famous cultural institutions and professional opportunities.
Being at the forefront of their disciplines, our faculty shape the understanding of an enormous range of academic fields.
Connecting talented and ambitious people in the world's greatest cities, our mission is to be a top quality institution.
Join our more than 40,000 students studying in hundreds of programs on six continents all around the globe.
Our world-class students, faculty, and scholars expect high achievement in pursuit of engaging the world's diverse challenges.
An institution without walls, we draw spirit from our cities and their famous cultural institutions and professional opportunities.
Being at the forefront of their disciplines, our faculty shape the understanding of an enormous range of academic fields.
Be sure to like us on Facebook for fun contests, NYU trivia, photos, news, and more.
This is the place to make connections with fellow alumni and join discussions about careers and networking.
Follow @NYUAlumni and you'll get notifications of upcoming events for alumni and NYU new. Then, use our handle so we can retweet your news!
Follow us on Instagram to see what's happening around the Square, throughout the US, and all over the globe. 
Get a slice of NYU history, learn about notable alumni, and see our alumni showing their #VioletPride.
Check out our YouTube channel for a video archive of alumni lectures and events. 
Share your love for NYU as a #ViralViolet social media ambassador. Connect your social accounts, share content, earn points, and win prizes.
No matter where you are in the world, you can join in the conversation! Use hashtags #VioletPride, #NYUAlumni, and #ForeverViolet to share your news.
University Development and Alumni Relations

								 New York University 
								
								
							

alumni.info@nyu.edu

Phone

(212) 998-6912
Update your contact information to stay in touch! Fill out the address change form below.
NYU Alumni are active across a variety of social media channels. Follow us for fun contests, NYU trivia, photos, news, and more!
