https://www.nyu.edu/alumni/get-involved/alumni-clubs.html
Connecting talented and ambitious people in the world's greatest cities, our mission is to be a top quality institution.
Join our more than 40,000 students studying in hundreds of programs on six continents all around the globe.
Our world-class students, faculty, and scholars expect high achievement in pursuit of engaging the world's diverse challenges.
An institution without walls, we draw spirit from our cities and their famous cultural institutions and professional opportunities.
Being at the forefront of their disciplines, our faculty shape the understanding of an enormous range of academic fields.
Connecting talented and ambitious people in the world's greatest cities, our mission is to be a top quality institution.
Join our more than 40,000 students studying in hundreds of programs on six continents all around the globe.
Our world-class students, faculty, and scholars expect high achievement in pursuit of engaging the world's diverse challenges.
An institution without walls, we draw spirit from our cities and their famous cultural institutions and professional opportunities.
Being at the forefront of their disciplines, our faculty shape the understanding of an enormous range of academic fields.


Popular Links for Alumni Volunteer Leaders Types of Club Volunteers | Volunteer Opportunities | Volunteer Resources
NYU alumni clubs are run by alumni volunteers who wish to reconnect with New York University and with fellow alumni in their regions and/or interest groups. Alumni clubs recognize the power of building vibrant communities by creating opportunities to share experiences and traditions, and to network through events and programs.
Simply interested in staying in the know? Opt-in to one (or many) of our NYU Alumni Club contact lists to stay up to date with upcoming events & news.
Alumni Identity & Affinity groups allow alumni to connect around a shared interest or affinity. Affinity Alumni Clubs & Networks are open to all NYU alumni, regardless of school, college or degree type. Programs and events are typically held within the NYC-metro area.
Regional Alumni Clubs create opportunities for alumni to connect in cities and regions across the United States, and many countries around the world through professional, social, academic, cultural and service programs. Regional Alumni Clubs are open to all NYU alumni, regardless of school, college, or degree type. Programs and events are held outside the NYC metro area.
NYU alumni Regional Ambassadors cultivate and strengthen the ties of alumni to New York University by representing the central Alumni Relations Office in communities around the world where regional alumni clubs have not yet been established. To get in touch with the Regional Ambassador(s) for your community, please contact alumni.clubs@nyu.edu.


Still have questions? Check out our FAQs below for additional guidance.
I’m actually just looking for how I can sign up for a club mailing list/ listserv. How do I do that?
Opt-in to one of our many NYU Alumni Club lists to stay up to date with upcoming events & news via nyualumni.com/opt-in. 
How much time will I have to commit?
That depends! Many of our clubs differ in required hours and length of service depending on the size of the given alumni community and the bandwidth of the current alumni volunteer leaders. To get in touch with The Volunteer Engagement team, please contact alumni.clubs@nyu.edu. 
I’ve submitted a question to alumni.clubs@nyu.edu. When should I expect to hear from you?
You should expect to hear back from a member of our team within 5–7 business days. 
There is no club in my region or area of interest, how do I inquire about alternate opportunities?
We recommend you schedule a phone call or in-person meeting with a member of our team, please call (212) 998-6957 or email alumni.clubs@nyu.edu. 

Stay up-to-date on the latest news, events, and benefits available to NYU alumni by updating your contact information.

Email Alumni Clubs

University Development and Alumni Relations

								 New York University 
								
								
							

alumni.info@nyu.edu

Phone

(212) 998-6912
Update your contact information to stay in touch! Fill out the address change form below.
NYU Alumni are active across a variety of social media channels. Follow us for fun contests, NYU trivia, photos, news, and more!
