https://www.nyu.edu/alumni/benefits.html
Connecting talented and ambitious people in the world's greatest cities, our mission is to be a top quality institution.
Join our more than 40,000 students studying in hundreds of programs on six continents all around the globe.
Our world-class students, faculty, and scholars expect high achievement in pursuit of engaging the world's diverse challenges.
An institution without walls, we draw spirit from our cities and their famous cultural institutions and professional opportunities.
Being at the forefront of their disciplines, our faculty shape the understanding of an enormous range of academic fields.
Connecting talented and ambitious people in the world's greatest cities, our mission is to be a top quality institution.
Join our more than 40,000 students studying in hundreds of programs on six continents all around the globe.
Our world-class students, faculty, and scholars expect high achievement in pursuit of engaging the world's diverse challenges.
An institution without walls, we draw spirit from our cities and their famous cultural institutions and professional opportunities.
Being at the forefront of their disciplines, our faculty shape the understanding of an enormous range of academic fields.
Please find more information below on how to access alumni benefits and services during this time. Please note that all links below open in new tabs.
We love being in touch with alumni and always aim to provide the best service experience to help you stay connected with NYU. Unfortunately, we cannot accommodate unscheduled, drop-in visits at our alumni office at 115 5th Avenue. For assistance, please email alumni.info@nyu.edu or call 212-998-6912 and a member of our team will assist you as soon as possible.
As part of the NYU alumni community of more than 650,000, you are eligible for global and local discounts, career services, a lifetime NYU email address, and access to other online resources. The NYU Alumni Card gives you access to these benefits and helps to showcase your #VioletPride, but you don’t have to wait to receive it before getting started.
Need your alumni card? Please fill out this form, so we can send you your card
Please note, the Alumni Card is not a University ID and may not be used to access University buildings except where specified. 
Need help with Perks Connect? Email alumni.info@nyu.edu or call +1 212-998-6912.  
Explore the featured benefits below! These are just a few of the discounts and deals available to you through your NYU Alumni Card. New deals are available daily, so be sure to check back often!
Show your #VioletPride with the New York University Alumni Association Customized Cash Rewards credit card.
Celebrate the class of 2021 with gifts from women-owned,
NYC-based KYLE CAVAN. Use promo code NYUVIP for 15% off.


You can now easily add up to $25,000 in life insurance to your family’s financial protection.

NYU alumni receive 15% off apparel and gift items.  Email alumni.benefits@nyu.edu to receive the special discount code.    


If you have a question, please check the Frequently Asked Questions. If you still cannot find your answer, feel free to email or call us. 

University Development and Alumni Relations

								 New York University 
								
								
							

alumni.info@nyu.edu

Phone

(212) 998-6912
Update your contact information to stay in touch! Fill out the address change form below.
NYU Alumni are active across a variety of social media channels. Follow us for fun contests, NYU trivia, photos, news, and more!
