https://www.nyu.edu/alumni/benefits/alumni-e-library.html
Connecting talented and ambitious people in the world's greatest cities, our mission is to be a top quality institution.
Join our more than 40,000 students studying in hundreds of programs on six continents all around the globe.
Our world-class students, faculty, and scholars expect high achievement in pursuit of engaging the world's diverse challenges.
An institution without walls, we draw spirit from our cities and their famous cultural institutions and professional opportunities.
Being at the forefront of their disciplines, our faculty shape the understanding of an enormous range of academic fields.
Connecting talented and ambitious people in the world's greatest cities, our mission is to be a top quality institution.
Join our more than 40,000 students studying in hundreds of programs on six continents all around the globe.
Our world-class students, faculty, and scholars expect high achievement in pursuit of engaging the world's diverse challenges.
An institution without walls, we draw spirit from our cities and their famous cultural institutions and professional opportunities.
Being at the forefront of their disciplines, our faculty shape the understanding of an enormous range of academic fields.


All alumni have free, offsite access to a package of premium electronic resources thanks to a gift from the Class of 2006 and donations from Friends of Bobst Library.

You must have an active username (NetID) and password to access NYU Global Home and the Alumni e-Library. Need to activate your account? For NetID activation, visit start.nyu.edu and follow the prompts to get started. You will need your NetID and University ID numbers (N number), which can be found on your physical alumni card or obtained by contacting the Office of Alumni Relations at alumni.info@nyu.edu or calling 212-998-6912.
Once you have activated and logged into your account, you can access the e-Library by typing "Alumni e-Library" in the search bar at the top right corner of NYU Global Home. Be sure to add the card to your favorites for easy access in the future!
Visit this page for more information about NetID activation and resetting your NYU Global Home password.
Offering comprehensive, timely collections of critical reviews written by leading scientists since 1932. Annual Reviews volumes are published each year for 29 focused disciplines within the Biomedical, Physical, and Social Sciences.
Covers management, economics, finance, accounting, and international business from 1886 to present.

First Research provides industry news and profiles.  
Firsthand (formerly known as Vault Vault Career Intelligence) provides insights into potential employers, including organizational culture, pros and cons of working at a firm, etc. Firsthand also has a series of "Best of" employer lists across different industries and functions. Firsthand's ebook "Guides" provide information about careers, including work environment, education requirements, a day in the life, and career outlook.
GoinGlobal helps researchers, job seekers, and travelers learn about working and living in new locations. It includes country and city guides, business etiquette advice, country-specific visa regulations (including a listing of US employers who successfully sponsor H1B visas), job application/interview advice, and more.  
Offers high-quality, interdisciplinary content to support scholarship and teaching. The JSTOR digital archive includes more than 1,500 leading academic journals in the humanities, social sciences, and sciences, as well as select monographs and other materials valuable for academic work.
Contains more than 2,300 law and law-related periodicals. Coverage is from the first issue published for all periodicals and goes through the most-currently published issues allowed based on contracts with publishers. Search by article title, author, subject, state or country published, full text, and narrow by date.
Provides complete, full-text versions of scholarly journals and book-length scholarship in the humanities, arts, and social sciences from many of university presses and scholarly societies.
The most comprehensive ABI/INFORM™ database, this comprises ABI/INFORM Global, ABI/INFORM Trade and Industry, and ABI/INFORM Dateline. The database features thousands of full-text journals, dissertations, working papers, key newspapers such as The Financial Times, as well as country-and industry-focused reports and data. Its international coverage gives researchers a complete picture of companies and business trends around the world.
A collection of reliable and relevant resources in the field of health administration, including journals and dissertations.
This database's detailed indexing helps users quickly find the news information they need. Each issue of each newspaper is indexed thoroughly, so researchers have access to not only top news stories but also the information contained in the various sections of the papers. The indexing covers not only complete bibliographic information but also companies, people, products, etc.
Provides one-stop access to more than 4,000 periodicals from one of the broadest, most inclusive general reference databases ProQuest has to offer. Search from a highly-respected, diversified mix of scholarly journals, trade publications, and magazines covering over 150 academic disciplines.
Mergent Archives provides access to an indexed collection of corporate and industry related documents. Includes Mergent's Full Collection of Digitized Manuals, Ford Equity Research Reports, Annual Reports, and Industry Report Collection.
Mergent Bond Viewer provides access to bond data, including both issuer and bond level terms and condition data, US taxable bonds, municipal bonds and retail notes.  
Hoovers contains public and private company profiles. Includes key executive profiles, industry coverage, and detailed company fact sheets.  

Mergent Intellect is a directory of public and private companies in the US and worldwide. Includes contact information, financials, and key personnel. It provides information from Hoovers Online and Dun and Bradstreet but with additional downloading capabilities.
Mergent Online is the online version of the former Moody's Manuals. Provides a history of the company, summary balance sheets and income statements, capital structure, subsidiaries, principal officers, and financial filings.
Sports Market Analytics provides market research, industry trends, and statistics related to sports and sports business.
This HeinOnline collection brings together a multitude of essential legal materials on slavery in the United States and the English-speaking world. This includes every statute passed by every colony and state on slavery, every federal statute dealing with slavery, and all reported state and federal cases on slavery.
Refworks is an online research management, writing, and collaboration tool designed to help researchers easily gather, manage, store, and share all types of information, as well as generate citations and bibliographies. RefWorks is similar to tools like EndNote, but there is no software to load. Use RefWorks to format documents including footnotes and bibliographies in dozens of styles like MLA, APA, etc.
Learn more about alumni access to Bobst Library.

University Development and Alumni Relations

								 New York University 
								
								
							

alumni.info@nyu.edu

Phone

(212) 998-6912
Update your contact information to stay in touch! Fill out the address change form below.
NYU Alumni are active across a variety of social media channels. Follow us for fun contests, NYU trivia, photos, news, and more!
