https://www.nyu.edu/alumni/benefits/credit-card-financial-services.html
Connecting talented and ambitious people in the world's greatest cities, our mission is to be a top quality institution.
Join our more than 40,000 students studying in hundreds of programs on six continents all around the globe.
Our world-class students, faculty, and scholars expect high achievement in pursuit of engaging the world's diverse challenges.
An institution without walls, we draw spirit from our cities and their famous cultural institutions and professional opportunities.
Being at the forefront of their disciplines, our faculty shape the understanding of an enormous range of academic fields.
Connecting talented and ambitious people in the world's greatest cities, our mission is to be a top quality institution.
Join our more than 40,000 students studying in hundreds of programs on six continents all around the globe.
Our world-class students, faculty, and scholars expect high achievement in pursuit of engaging the world's diverse challenges.
An institution without walls, we draw spirit from our cities and their famous cultural institutions and professional opportunities.
Being at the forefront of their disciplines, our faculty shape the understanding of an enormous range of academic fields.
Being an NYU graduate certainly has its benefits! The NYU Office of Alumni Relations partners with vendors to offer alumni unique credit card and financial services offerings. Offerings include the NYUAA Credit Card from Bank of America, Merill Lynch Home Financing Solutions, and the Bank of America Doctor Plan. Please note that while you may receive marketing from these providers as a result of these partnerships, we do not share or sell your information with third parties. If you’d like to be removed from this outreach, please email alumni.benefits@nyu.edu.
Show your #VioletPride with the New York University Alumni Association Customized Cash Rewards credit card.
This Website is maintained and updated by the New York University Office for University Development and Alumni Relations, not Bank of America.  
Email Us
Alumni Benefits

Career Dev

Events

Giving

Volunteer

General Inquiry

Phone

212-998-6912
Stay up-to-date on the latest news, events, and benefits available to NYU alumni by updating your contact information.
University Development and Alumni Relations

								 New York University 
								
								
							

alumni.info@nyu.edu

Phone

(212) 998-6912
Update your contact information to stay in touch! Fill out the address change form below.
NYU Alumni are active across a variety of social media channels. Follow us for fun contests, NYU trivia, photos, news, and more!
