https://www.nyu.edu/students/student-information-and-resources/housing-and-dining/on-campus-living/application-and-assignments/SummerHousing.html#dcinterest
Connecting talented and ambitious people in the world's greatest cities, our mission is to be a top quality institution.
Join our more than 40,000 students studying in hundreds of programs on six continents all around the globe.
Our world-class students, faculty, and scholars expect high achievement in pursuit of engaging the world's diverse challenges.
An institution without walls, we draw spirit from our cities and their famous cultural institutions and professional opportunities.
Being at the forefront of their disciplines, our faculty shape the understanding of an enormous range of academic fields.
Connecting talented and ambitious people in the world's greatest cities, our mission is to be a top quality institution.
Join our more than 40,000 students studying in hundreds of programs on six continents all around the globe.
Our world-class students, faculty, and scholars expect high achievement in pursuit of engaging the world's diverse challenges.
An institution without walls, we draw spirit from our cities and their famous cultural institutions and professional opportunities.
Being at the forefront of their disciplines, our faculty shape the understanding of an enormous range of academic fields.
Click to learn more about Summer Housing for non-NYU students and interns. 
Jump to: Summer Housing in Washington, DC
As of June 28th, we are no longer accepting applications for summer housing in NYC.
Summer accommodations are either shared or single bedrooms within multi-bedroom traditional-style or apartment-style suites. Apartment-Style suites have kitchens and do not require a meal plan. Traditional-Style suites do not have kitchens and therefore require a meal plan at an additional charge.
Spring 2023 Residents - When you apply for summer housing, depending on the building you are currently living in, you may also see the option to remain in your Spring 2023 room assignment through the summer even if you are not living in a building listed below. This is offered as a courtesy and is not required.
The following Residence Halls are open to NYU Students in Summer 2023:
Single bedrooms in multi-bedroom apartments (FULL)
Single and shared bedrooms in multi-bedroom traditional suites
Shared bedrooms in multi-bedroom apartments (FULL)
Shared bedrooms in multi-bedroom apartments (FULL)
Single bedrooms in multi-bedroom apartments
Shared bedrooms in multi-bedroom apartments
Meal plans are required for residents of traditional-style halls, where suites do not have kitchens. All residents assigned to a traditional residence hall will be assigned to the 8 meal plan by default. Summer residents can change to a higher meal plan or view their remaining balance on the Meal Plan Portal.
Visit the Summer Meal Plans page for plan options and pricing.
Summer meal plans replenish on Sundays. Unused meals expire every Saturday at midnight. Unused Dining Dollars will roll over week to week for active meal plan members. Meal plan pricing cannot be prorated. Should you have any questions about meal plans please contact askcampusservices@nyu.edu and include your NYU ID number with your inquiry.
The application for Summer 2023 will be available to NYU Students in February via the Housing Portal. Within one week of applying for summer housing, students are required to submit a housing reservation payment via the Bursar e-suite in the amount of $500, which applies toward full summer housing charges. The priority deadline to apply for a May 21st arrival is March 31, 2023, and the priority deadline to apply for a July 2nd arrival is May 31, 2023.

Students can cancel their summer housing applications on the Housing Portal. 

Cancellations received by April 15, 2023 will be processed with a $50 cancellation fee. Cancellations received between April 15 and May 15, 2023 will be processed with a $125 cancellation fee. There will be a $500 cancellation fee for reservations cancelled after May 15, 2023.


The application for summer housing in Washington, DC will be available to matriculating NYU students later this winter. There is a 6-week minumum stay, with arrivals no earlier than Sunday, May 19th and departures no later than Saturday, August 10th. For more information about the residence hall, visit the Washington, DC student life page.
Rates & Payment: DC summer residents are billed for housing on a weekly schedule (rates TBD). A $500 housing reservation payment is required within one week of application submission, and the remaining balance is due before arrival.
