https://www.nyu.edu/research.html
Connecting talented and ambitious people in the world's greatest cities, our mission is to be a top quality institution.
Join our more than 40,000 students studying in hundreds of programs on six continents all around the globe.
Our world-class students, faculty, and scholars expect high achievement in pursuit of engaging the world's diverse challenges.
An institution without walls, we draw spirit from our cities and their famous cultural institutions and professional opportunities.
Being at the forefront of their disciplines, our faculty shape the understanding of an enormous range of academic fields.
Connecting talented and ambitious people in the world's greatest cities, our mission is to be a top quality institution.
Join our more than 40,000 students studying in hundreds of programs on six continents all around the globe.
Our world-class students, faculty, and scholars expect high achievement in pursuit of engaging the world's diverse challenges.
An institution without walls, we draw spirit from our cities and their famous cultural institutions and professional opportunities.
Being at the forefront of their disciplines, our faculty shape the understanding of an enormous range of academic fields.
NYU Tandon's Cláudio T. Silva explains the geometry of the urban phenomenon and shares his go-to spot for capturing the best photos.
 
The modern research university has a dual mission: to educate its students, and to discover new knowledge through scholarship. These two missions enhance and inform one another: students at a research university in many instances are taught by the discoverers of the information being discussed in the course, and the classroom's free exchange of ideas can help sharpen research.
The quality of the research enterprise is what truly distinguishes a great university, permitting it to draw in the most talented scholars and the top students. NYU’s faculty are at the forefront of their scholarly disciplines, and their research helps shape the understanding of an enormous range of academic fields: from the mathematical sciences to economics, from philosophy to neural science, from art history to sociology.

When given one hard-boiled egg each day, school children’s nutritional status improved, as seen in changes in their height, weight, and body mass in less-developed villages in China, NYU study finds.
Humans can learn a new concept and then immediately use it to understand related uses—once children know how to “skip,” they understand what it means to “skip with your hands up.” Research shows new promise for this "compositional generation" in AI. 

Two studies led by researchers at NYU show emerging awareness of the new 988 Suicide and Crisis Lifeline among both policymakers and the general public—but also point to potential areas of improvement for the vital nationwide service.

What was the terrain the Ancient Egyptians came across when they began to build, and did these natural surroundings have a hand in its formation? Researchers turn to erosion in exploring the role natural elements had in building an architectural wonder.
Learn more about the policies and guidelines that shape and direct your research.
If you are submitting a proposal to Grants.gov you should talk to your Project Officer about using Cayuse.
A comprehensive tool and reference guide designed to support Principal Investigators and other staff.
Helping NYU faculty view and edit publication lists and CVs, as well as allowing the public explore NYU Faculty research and expertise.
New Psychology Study Unearths Ways to Bolster Global Climate Awareness and Climate Action
NYU Researchers Among the World’s Most Cited 
Online Course Informs Urban Planners in the Global South, Where Cities Are Densifying and Expanding Rapidly
New Compound Outperforms Pain Drug by Indirectly Targeting Calcium Channels
How Social Work Researchers are Developing Culturally Specific Interventions to Assist Youth of Color in Despair
