https://www.nyu.edu/alumni/benefits/accessing-your-alumni-card-online.html
Connecting talented and ambitious people in the world's greatest cities, our mission is to be a top quality institution.
Join our more than 40,000 students studying in hundreds of programs on six continents all around the globe.
Our world-class students, faculty, and scholars expect high achievement in pursuit of engaging the world's diverse challenges.
An institution without walls, we draw spirit from our cities and their famous cultural institutions and professional opportunities.
Being at the forefront of their disciplines, our faculty shape the understanding of an enormous range of academic fields.
Connecting talented and ambitious people in the world's greatest cities, our mission is to be a top quality institution.
Join our more than 40,000 students studying in hundreds of programs on six continents all around the globe.
Our world-class students, faculty, and scholars expect high achievement in pursuit of engaging the world's diverse challenges.
An institution without walls, we draw spirit from our cities and their famous cultural institutions and professional opportunities.
Being at the forefront of their disciplines, our faculty shape the understanding of an enormous range of academic fields.
As part of the NYU alumni community of more than 650,000, you are eligible for global and local discounts, career services, a lifetime NYU email address, and access to other online resources. The NYU Alumni Card gives you access to these benefits and helps to showcase your #VioletPride, but you don’t have to wait to receive it before getting started.
Need your alumni card? Please fill out this form, so we can send you your card
Please note, the Alumni Card is not a University ID and may not be used to access University buildings except where specified. 
PerksConnect is your online portal to even more alumni benefits and discounts.
We love being in touch with alumni and always aim to provide the best service experience to help you stay connected with NYU. Unfortunately, we cannot accommodate unscheduled, drop-in visits at our alumni office at 115 5th Avenue. For assistance, please email alumni.info@nyu.edu or call 212-998-6912 and a member of our team will assist you as soon as possible.
If you have a question, please check the Frequently Asked Questions.
If you still cannot find your answer, feel free to email or call us.
Fill out the address update form to stay in touch and receive the latest alumni news, events, and information.
Sign up to receive an Alumni Card to show your #VioletPride. 
University Development and Alumni Relations

								 New York University 
								
								
							

alumni.info@nyu.edu

Phone

(212) 998-6912
Update your contact information to stay in touch! Fill out the address change form below.
NYU Alumni are active across a variety of social media channels. Follow us for fun contests, NYU trivia, photos, news, and more!
