https://www.nyu.edu/alumni/benefits/lifetime-nyu-email.html
Connecting talented and ambitious people in the world's greatest cities, our mission is to be a top quality institution.
Join our more than 40,000 students studying in hundreds of programs on six continents all around the globe.
Our world-class students, faculty, and scholars expect high achievement in pursuit of engaging the world's diverse challenges.
An institution without walls, we draw spirit from our cities and their famous cultural institutions and professional opportunities.
Being at the forefront of their disciplines, our faculty shape the understanding of an enormous range of academic fields.
Connecting talented and ambitious people in the world's greatest cities, our mission is to be a top quality institution.
Join our more than 40,000 students studying in hundreds of programs on six continents all around the globe.
Our world-class students, faculty, and scholars expect high achievement in pursuit of engaging the world's diverse challenges.
An institution without walls, we draw spirit from our cities and their famous cultural institutions and professional opportunities.
Being at the forefront of their disciplines, our faculty shape the understanding of an enormous range of academic fields.
All alumni are eligible for an NYU email account powered by Google. Email addresses are in the format netid@nyu.edu (e.g. abc123@nyu.edu). Alumni can access their emails through NYU Home.
Alumni who do not have access to NYU Home will either have to reset their passwords or activate their NetIDs.
To reset your password, please go to start.nyu.edu and select Reset Password. You will need your NetID. If you do not have your NetID, please contact the Office of Alumni Relations at alumni.info@nyu.edu with your school, class year, and date of birth.
To activate your NetID, please go to start.nyu.edu and select Activate NetID. You will need your University ID. If you do not have your University, please contact the Office of Alumni Relations at alumni.info@nyu.edu with your school, class year, and date of birth.

Need help? Please contact the IT Service Desk at 212-998-3333 or AskIT@nyu.edu. 
For other non-technical questions, please contact the Office of Alumni Relations at 212-998-6912 or alumni.info@nyu.edu.
All alumni may request a more personal NYU email based on your name to replace the default format. Click here for instructions. 

University Development and Alumni Relations

								 New York University 
								
								
							

alumni.info@nyu.edu

Phone

(212) 998-6912
Update your contact information to stay in touch! Fill out the address change form below.
NYU Alumni are active across a variety of social media channels. Follow us for fun contests, NYU trivia, photos, news, and more!
