https://www.nyu.edu/alumni/get-involved.html
Connecting talented and ambitious people in the world's greatest cities, our mission is to be a top quality institution.
Join our more than 40,000 students studying in hundreds of programs on six continents all around the globe.
Our world-class students, faculty, and scholars expect high achievement in pursuit of engaging the world's diverse challenges.
An institution without walls, we draw spirit from our cities and their famous cultural institutions and professional opportunities.
Being at the forefront of their disciplines, our faculty shape the understanding of an enormous range of academic fields.
Connecting talented and ambitious people in the world's greatest cities, our mission is to be a top quality institution.
Join our more than 40,000 students studying in hundreds of programs on six continents all around the globe.
Our world-class students, faculty, and scholars expect high achievement in pursuit of engaging the world's diverse challenges.
An institution without walls, we draw spirit from our cities and their famous cultural institutions and professional opportunities.
Being at the forefront of their disciplines, our faculty shape the understanding of an enormous range of academic fields.


As on-the-ground ambassadors, your service is essential, and allows us to reach and connect with NYU alumni across the globe. For more information about NYU’s alumni volunteer opportunities, reach out to alumni.volunteer@nyu.edu. 
Simply interested in learning more for now? Opt-in to one of our many NYU Alumni newsletters via our NYU Alumni Preference Center. 
Quick Links: NYU Alumni Association | Volunteer Opportunities | Volunteer Resources | Volunteer Celebrations | School Alumni Relations


The NYU Alumni Association (NYUAA) is the umbrella organization for all University alumni from every NYU school. With a network of more than 650,000 NYU alumni worldwide, membership in the NYUAA begins upon graduation, is free for life, and includes an array of alumni benefits.
The mission of the NYUAA is to build and sustain a lifelong relationship between the University and its alumni.
Key Components of the NYU Alumni Association:


There are a wide range of volunteer opportunities available to you, and we hope that you will take the time to read and learn more about which role could be right for you and your alumni experience. 
Check out our key volunteer opportunities for NYU Alumni:
Simply interested in learning more for now? Opt-in to one of our NYU Alumni newsletters via our NYU Alumni Preference Center.


Please use our online resources as your principal toolkit for volunteer operations. Including the following information:
Current toolkit components include:


Dedicated leaders. Outstanding volunteers. New York University counts thousands of alumni volunteers serving as tireless ambassadors. They are active citizens in their community, professionally accomplished, and most importantly, they have volunteered their time and talents to create a vibrant alumni organization that builds and sustains lifelong relationships between alumni and their alma mater. 
Honorees are selected by fellow alumni volunteers and celebrated by the NYU Alumni Association during multiple events throughout the year.


Our NYU Schools offer a wide variety of opportunities to attend events, volunteer, or reconnect with your school alumni association. Reach out to your school’s contact or sign up for a program to get started.
Find your NYU school's alumni engagement opportunities, contact information and events.


Still have questions? Check out our FAQs below for additional guidance.
I’ve submitted my volunteer interest form. When should I expect to hear from you?
Depending on your preferred volunteer program or opportunity, you should expect to hear back from a member of our team within 5–7 business days. In the meantime, feel free to contact alumni.volunteer@nyu.edu with any questions, or if you are in need of additional information.  
How much time will I have to commit?
That depends! Many of our opportunities differ in required hours and length of service. You will be able to indicate your anticipated time commitment and ability on the Volunteer Interest Form. The Office of Alumni Relations will use this information when placing volunteers within our various programs and initiatives.
I’m not sure how I want to get involved; who can I contact in order to learn more about the available opportunities?
If you are interested in scheduling a phone call or in-person meeting with a member of our team, please call (212) 998-6957 or email alumni.volunteer@nyu.edu.
I'm looking to get involved with faith-based activities. How do I learn more about NYU faith-based programs?
All faith-based communities and their activities are managed by NYU Global Spiritual Life. Learn more about NYU's faith-communities.
Getting involved with NYUAA starts here!

Stay up-to-date on the latest news, events, and benefits available to NYU alumni by updating your contact information.

Email Volunteer Engagement

Join the NYU Global Alumni group on LinkedIn to network and make connections with NYU alumni living around the world.
University Development and Alumni Relations

								 New York University 
								
								
							

alumni.info@nyu.edu

Phone

(212) 998-6912
Update your contact information to stay in touch! Fill out the address change form below.
NYU Alumni are active across a variety of social media channels. Follow us for fun contests, NYU trivia, photos, news, and more!
