https://www.nyu.edu/alumni.html
Connecting talented and ambitious people in the world's greatest cities, our mission is to be a top quality institution.
Join our more than 40,000 students studying in hundreds of programs on six continents all around the globe.
Our world-class students, faculty, and scholars expect high achievement in pursuit of engaging the world's diverse challenges.
An institution without walls, we draw spirit from our cities and their famous cultural institutions and professional opportunities.
Being at the forefront of their disciplines, our faculty shape the understanding of an enormous range of academic fields.
Connecting talented and ambitious people in the world's greatest cities, our mission is to be a top quality institution.
Join our more than 40,000 students studying in hundreds of programs on six continents all around the globe.
Our world-class students, faculty, and scholars expect high achievement in pursuit of engaging the world's diverse challenges.
An institution without walls, we draw spirit from our cities and their famous cultural institutions and professional opportunities.
Being at the forefront of their disciplines, our faculty shape the understanding of an enormous range of academic fields.
When you use this helpful shopping guide to kick-start your holiday season, you're supporting alumni-owned businesses.
Learn how to nominate alumni for Distinguished Alumni Awards, NYU Alumni Changemakers, and Volunteer Service Awards.
It's NYU's 24-hr day of giving! Ready to support student dreams? Mark your calendar and join us on March 27.
Learn how to get involved with the NYUAA. Fill out the Volunteer Interest Form to get started.
Reconnect with New York University and fellow alumni in your region or through shared interests in on of over 90 volunteer-organized clubs. 
Looking for health insurance? We are happy to offer coverage to NYU alumni in all 50 states with Augeo and AMBA.
Celebrate all your NYC memories. NYU alumni receive 15% off with promo code NYUALUMNI.
Email alumni.benefits@nyu.edu to receive an online discount code for 15% off full-price apparel and gift items.
The NYU Alumni PerksConnect program provides information about local discounts, benefits, and unique savings offers exclusive to NYU Alumni.





Join the NYU Global Alumni group on LinkedIn to network and make connections with NYU alumni living around the world.
Watch this How-To video to learn more about updating your contact information and email preferences. (Link opens in new tab)
If you have a question, please check the Frequently Asked Questions/ If you still cannot find your answer, feel free to email or call us. 
Continue getting all the NYUAA content you love.
We've issued more than 400,000 alumni cards. Have you claimed your access to deals, discounts, and more?
NYU alumni are active in 90 clubs around the globe.


Congratulations to the alums who received more than 20 Grammy nominations!
University Development and Alumni Relations

								 New York University 
								
								
							

alumni.info@nyu.edu

Phone

(212) 998-6912
Update your contact information to stay in touch! Fill out the address change form below.
NYU Alumni are active across a variety of social media channels. Follow us for fun contests, NYU trivia, photos, news, and more!
