https://www.nyu.edu/alumni/events-programs/speakers-on-the-square.html
Connecting talented and ambitious people in the world's greatest cities, our mission is to be a top quality institution.
Join our more than 40,000 students studying in hundreds of programs on six continents all around the globe.
Our world-class students, faculty, and scholars expect high achievement in pursuit of engaging the world's diverse challenges.
An institution without walls, we draw spirit from our cities and their famous cultural institutions and professional opportunities.
Being at the forefront of their disciplines, our faculty shape the understanding of an enormous range of academic fields.
Connecting talented and ambitious people in the world's greatest cities, our mission is to be a top quality institution.
Join our more than 40,000 students studying in hundreds of programs on six continents all around the globe.
Our world-class students, faculty, and scholars expect high achievement in pursuit of engaging the world's diverse challenges.
An institution without walls, we draw spirit from our cities and their famous cultural institutions and professional opportunities.
Being at the forefront of their disciplines, our faculty shape the understanding of an enormous range of academic fields.


Speakers on the Square is an NYU Alumni Association program welcoming high-profile alumni, business leaders, and celebrities to campus for special talks and conversations.
We've had an incredible roster of distinguished alumni and faculty present at Speakers on the Square.
Join us for a panel of current and former executives to hear about the history, social impact, and future of Sesame Street.
Join us for an evening of never-heard-before stories about Edie’s indelible life.
Alumni enjoyed a moderated panel discussion with alumni astronauts Charles Camarda (TANDON ’74) and Paolo Nespoli (TANDON ’88, ’89)
Alumni experienced a very special evening to hear from award winning social advocate and author, Yassmin Abdel-Magied.
Join us for a special evening celebrating the rich history of space exploration at NYU. The evening will feature a reception followed by a moderated panel discussion with alumni astronauts Charles Camarda (TANDON ’74), Lee Morin (GSAS ’78, ’82, MED ’81), and Paolo Nespoli (TANDON ’88, ’89) who recently returned from his third flight to the International Space Station.  
Please join us for a very special evening to hear from award winning social advocate and author, Yassmin Abdel-Magied.  
Join fellow alumni and guests for a conversation with Hannah Song (STEINHARDT '03), President and CEO of Liberty in North Korea (LiNK), and Joseph Kim, North Korean refugee, author of Under the Same Sky: From starvation in North Korea to salvation in America, and Ted Talk speaker.
University Development and Alumni Relations

								 New York University 
								
								
							

alumni.info@nyu.edu

Phone

(212) 998-6912
Update your contact information to stay in touch! Fill out the address change form below.
NYU Alumni are active across a variety of social media channels. Follow us for fun contests, NYU trivia, photos, news, and more!
